name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _knowledgegraphd
password: *
uid: 279
gid: 279
dir: /var/db/knowledgegraphd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Knowledge Graph Daemon

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/db/softwareupdate
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _captiveagent
password: *
uid: 258
gid: 258
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: captiveagent

name: _logd
password: *
uid: 272
gid: 272
dir: /var/db/diagnostics
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Log Daemon

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _xserverdocs
password: *
uid: 251
gid: 251
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: macOS Server Documents Service

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _appinstalld
password: *
uid: 273
gid: 273
dir: /var/db/appinstalld
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: App Install Daemon

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _applepay
password: *
uid: 260
gid: 260
dir: /var/db/applepay
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: applepay Account

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _analyticsd
password: *
uid: 263
gid: 263
dir: /var/db/analyticsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Analytics Daemon

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _ondemand
password: *
uid: 249
gid: 249
dir: /var/db/ondemand
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: On Demand Resource Daemon

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _cmiodalassistants
password: *
uid: 262
gid: 262
dir: /var/db/cmiodalassistants
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreMedia IO Assistants User

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _sophos
password: ********
uid: 504
gid: 702
dir: /dev/null
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SophosEndpoint

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _ctkd
password: *
uid: 259
gid: 259
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ctkd Account

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _datadetectors
password: *
uid: 257
gid: 257
dir: /var/db/datadetectors
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DataDetectors

name: _installcoordinationd
password: *
uid: 274
gid: 274
dir: /var/db/installcoordinationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Coordination Daemon

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: dilbert
password: ********
uid: 501
gid: 20
dir: /Users/dilbert
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: Dilbert

name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _fpsd
password: *
uid: 265
gid: 265
dir: /var/db/fpsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FPS Daemon

name: Guest
password: *
uid: 201
gid: 201
dir: /Users/Guest
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: Guest User

name: _timed
password: *
uid: 266
gid: 266
dir: /var/db/timed
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Time Sync Daemon

name: _fud
password: *
uid: 278
gid: 278
dir: /var/db/fud
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Firmware Update Daemon

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _rmd
password: *
uid: 277
gid: 277
dir: /var/db/rmd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Remote Management Daemon

name: _appstore
password: *
uid: 33
gid: 33
dir: /var/db/appstore
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mac App Store Service

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: _nsurlstoraged
password: *
uid: 243
gid: 243
dir: /var/db/nsurlstoraged
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _nsurlstoraged

name: _mbsetupuser
password: *
uid: 248
gid: 248
dir: /var/setup
shell: /bin/bash
gecos: Setup User

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _driverkit
password: *
uid: 270
gid: 270
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DriverKit

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _demod
password: *
uid: 275
gid: 275
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Demo Daemon

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _oahd
password: *
uid: 441
gid: 441
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: OAH Daemon

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _mobileasset
password: *
uid: 253
gid: 253
dir: /var/ma
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MobileAsset User

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _coreml
password: *
uid: 280
gid: 280
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreML Services

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _trustd
password: *
uid: 282
gid: 282
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: trustd

name: chstaff
password: ********
uid: 505
gid: 20
dir: /Users/chstaff
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: CHStaff

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _serialnumberd
password: *
uid: 58
gid: 58
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _serialnumberd

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: user
password: ********
uid: 503
gid: 20
dir: /Users/user
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: User

name: _wwwproxy
password: *
uid: 252
gid: 252
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WWW Proxy

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _nearbyd
password: *
uid: 268
gid: 268
dir: /var/db/nearbyd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Proximity and Ranging Daemon

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _hidd
password: *
uid: 261
gid: 261
dir: /var/db/hidd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: HID Service User

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _diskimagesiod
password: *
uid: 271
gid: 271
dir: /var/db/diskimagesiod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DiskImages IO Daemon

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _gamecontrollerd
password: *
uid: 247
gid: 247
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Game Controller Daemon

name: _reportmemoryexception
password: *
uid: 269
gid: 269
dir: /var/db/reportmemoryexception
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ReportMemoryException

name: _findmydevice
password: *
uid: 254
gid: 254
dir: /var/db/findmydevice
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Find My Device Daemon

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: techteam
password: ********
uid: 502
gid: 20
dir: /Users/techteam
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: TechTeam

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _appstore
password: *
uid: 33
gid: 33
dir: /var/db/appstore
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mac App Store Service

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/db/softwareupdate
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account

name: _gamecontrollerd
password: *
uid: 247
gid: 247
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Game Controller Daemon

name: _mbsetupuser
password: *
uid: 248
gid: 248
dir: /var/setup
shell: /bin/bash
gecos: Setup User

name: _ondemand
password: *
uid: 249
gid: 249
dir: /var/db/ondemand
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: On Demand Resource Daemon

name: _xserverdocs
password: *
uid: 251
gid: 251
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: macOS Server Documents Service

name: _wwwproxy
password: *
uid: 252
gid: 252
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WWW Proxy

name: _mobileasset
password: *
uid: 253
gid: 253
dir: /var/ma
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MobileAsset User

name: _findmydevice
password: *
uid: 254
gid: 254
dir: /var/db/findmydevice
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Find My Device Daemon

name: _datadetectors
password: *
uid: 257
gid: 257
dir: /var/db/datadetectors
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DataDetectors

name: _captiveagent
password: *
uid: 258
gid: 258
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: captiveagent

name: _ctkd
password: *
uid: 259
gid: 259
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ctkd Account

name: _applepay
password: *
uid: 260
gid: 260
dir: /var/db/applepay
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: applepay Account

name: _hidd
password: *
uid: 261
gid: 261
dir: /var/db/hidd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: HID Service User

name: _cmiodalassistants
password: *
uid: 262
gid: 262
dir: /var/db/cmiodalassistants
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreMedia IO Assistants User

name: _analyticsd
password: *
uid: 263
gid: 263
dir: /var/db/analyticsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Analytics Daemon

name: _fpsd
password: *
uid: 265
gid: 265
dir: /var/db/fpsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FPS Daemon

name: _timed
password: *
uid: 266
gid: 266
dir: /var/db/timed
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Time Sync Daemon

name: _nearbyd
password: *
uid: 268
gid: 268
dir: /var/db/nearbyd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Proximity and Ranging Daemon

name: _reportmemoryexception
password: *
uid: 269
gid: 269
dir: /var/db/reportmemoryexception
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ReportMemoryException

name: _driverkit
password: *
uid: 270
gid: 270
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DriverKit

name: _diskimagesiod
password: *
uid: 271
gid: 271
dir: /var/db/diskimagesiod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DiskImages IO Daemon

name: _logd
password: *
uid: 272
gid: 272
dir: /var/db/diagnostics
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Log Daemon

name: _appinstalld
password: *
uid: 273
gid: 273
dir: /var/db/appinstalld
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: App Install Daemon

name: _installcoordinationd
password: *
uid: 274
gid: 274
dir: /var/db/installcoordinationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Coordination Daemon

name: _demod
password: *
uid: 275
gid: 275
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Demo Daemon

name: _rmd
password: *
uid: 277
gid: 277
dir: /var/db/rmd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Remote Management Daemon

name: _fud
password: *
uid: 278
gid: 278
dir: /var/db/fud
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Firmware Update Daemon

name: _knowledgegraphd
password: *
uid: 279
gid: 279
dir: /var/db/knowledgegraphd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Knowledge Graph Daemon

name: _coreml
password: *
uid: 280
gid: 280
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreML Services

name: _trustd
password: *
uid: 282
gid: 282
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: trustd

name: _oahd
password: *
uid: 441
gid: 441
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: OAH Daemon

Accessibility:

    Accessibility Information:

      Cursor Magnification: Off
      Display: Black on White
      Flash Screen: Off
      Mouse Keys: Off
      Slow Keys: Off
      Sticky Keys: Off
      VoiceOver: Off
      Zoom Mode: Full Screen
      Contrast: 0
      Keyboard Zoom: Off
      Scroll Zoom: Off

Apple Pay:

      Apple Pay Information:  
        Platform ID: N5B2M002C3A50000
        Serial Number: 040631EB925D800201570194523056934700F91EBE3F160F
        Device: 0xc8
        Production Signed: Yes
        Restricted Mode: No
        Hardware: 0x00000007
        Firmware: 0x0700
        JCOP OS: 14.03

      Controller Information:  
        Hardware: b2.2 ()
        Firmware: 1.3e rev 102250
        Middleware: 4.1.1.36

Applications:

    OneDrive:

      Version: 22.212.1009
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2022-11-03, 6:31 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Microsoft Corporation (UBF8T346G9), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/OneDrive.app

    Google Chrome:

      Version: 93.0.4577.82
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-24, 3:10 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Google, Inc. (EQHXZ8M8AV), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Google Chrome.app
      Get Info String: Google Chrome 93.0.4577.82, Copyright 2021 Google LLC. All rights reserved.

    Core Sync:

      Version: 4.21.0.14
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:17 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app

    CCLibrary:

      Version: 3.14.18-1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:15 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app

    CCXProcess:

      Version: 4.5.2-12
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:16 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Version: 7.30.220.0207
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-01, 10:49 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Faronics Corporation (HSHQ55YT7B), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Faronics/Deep Freeze Mac.app

    Adobe After Effects 2021:

      Version: 18.4.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:45 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe After Effects 2021/Adobe After Effects 2021.app
      Get Info String: 18.4.1, © 1992-2021 Adobe. All rights reserved.

    Ultimaker Cura:

      Version: 4.9
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-11, 3:53 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Ultimaker B.V. (V4B3JXRRQS), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Ultimaker Cura.app

    Adobe Update Helper:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HDBox/Adobe Update Helper.app

    LptOneClient:

      Version: 4.9.4.26247
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2021-09-24, 3:34 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Location: /Applications/LptOneClient.app

    Adobe Application Updater:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/AppsPanel/Updater/Adobe Application Updater.app

    adobe_licensing_helper:

      Version: 1.0.0.60
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/LCC/adobe_licensing_helper.app

    UnifiedPluginInstallerAgent:

      Version: 1.3.0.106
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/RemoteComponents/UPI/UnifiedPluginInstallerAgent/UnifiedPluginInstallerAgent.app

    Setup:

      Version: 11.0.0.20
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/DEBox/Setup.app
      Get Info String: 11.0.0.20, "© 2018 Adobe. All rights reserved."

    Uninstall Product:

      Version: 11.0.0.20
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/DEBox/DE6/resources/uninstall/Uninstall Product.app
      Get Info String: 11.0.0.20, "© 2018 Adobe. All rights reserved."

    Install:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HDBox/Install.app

    Uninstaller:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HDBox/Uninstaller.app
      Get Info String: 5.6.0.788

    Adobe Crash Reporter:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HDBox/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/Adobe Crash Reporter.app

    LogTransport:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HDBox/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/LogTransport.app

    AdobeCRDaemon:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HDBox/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCRDaemon.app

    Adobe Desktop Service:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ADS/Adobe Desktop Service.app

    AdobeIPCBroker:

      Version: 6.9.0.47
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/IPCBox/AdobeIPCBroker.app
      Get Info String: 6.9.0.47 Copyright 2021, Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

    Creative Cloud Uninstaller:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/Utils/Creative Cloud Uninstaller.app

    Creative Cloud Installer:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/Utils/Creative Cloud Installer.app

    CC Troubleshooter:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/Utils/CC Troubleshooter.app

    Creative Cloud Desktop App:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/Utils/Creative Cloud Desktop App.app

    Creative Cloud:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app

    Creative Cloud Helper:

      Version: 5.6.0.788
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-11-02, 4:12 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app

    iMovie:

      Version: 10.2.3
      Obtained from: App Store
      Last Modified: 2021-05-18, 9:07 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Apple Mac OS Application Signing, Apple Worldwide Developer Relations Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/iMovie.app

    Safari:

      Version: 15.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Safari.app
      Get Info String: 15.0, Copyright © 2003-2021 Apple Inc.

    Microsoft Word:

      Version: 16.53
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:18 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Microsoft Corporation (UBF8T346G9), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Microsoft Word.app

    Acrobat Distiller:

      Version: 21.007.20091
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:48 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Acrobat DC/Acrobat Distiller.app
      Get Info String: Acrobat Distiller™ 21.007.20091, ©1984 -2021 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

    Adobe Acrobat:

      Version: 21.007.20091
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-24, 3:18 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Acrobat DC/Adobe Acrobat.app
      Get Info String: Adobe Acrobat X 21.007.20091, ©1984 -2021 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

    NativeMessagingHost:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-02, 8:40 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/WebExtnUtils/DC/NativeMessagingHost.app

    adobe_licutil:

      Version: 10.0.0.274
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:48 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat DC Helper Frameworks/adobe_oobelib/adobe_licutil.app

    Save as Adobe PDF:

      Version: 21.007.20091
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:48 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/PDF Services/Save as Adobe PDF.app

    adobe_licutil:

      Version: 11.0.0.39
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:48 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat DC Helper Frameworks/OOBE/adobe_licutil.app

    AcroLicApp:

      Version: 21.007.20091
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:48 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat DC Helper Frameworks/OOBE/AcroLicApp.app
      Get Info String: Adobe AcroLicense App 21.007.20091, ©1984 -2021 Adobe Inc. All rights reserved.

    adobe_licensing_helper:

      Version: 1.0.0.42
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:48 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat DC Helper Frameworks/IMSLib/adobe_licensing_helper.app

    Cricut Design Space:

      Version: 6.13.344
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-13, 9:37 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Provo Craft and Novelty, Inc. (25627ZFVT7), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Cricut Design Space.app

    Adobe Audition 2021:

      Version: 14.4
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-29, 1:35 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Audition 2021/Adobe Audition 2021.app
      Get Info String: Adobe Audition, Copyright © 1991-2021 Adobe

    Adobe Character Animator 2021:

      Version: 4.4
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-29, 1:34 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Character Animator 2021/Adobe Character Animator 2021.app
      Get Info String: Character Animator 4.4.0, Copyright © 1991-2021 Adobe. All rights reserved.

    Adobe Prelude 2021:

      Version: 10.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-29, 1:39 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Prelude 2021/Adobe Prelude 2021.app
      Get Info String: 10.1, Copyright (C) 1991-2021 Adobe Systems, Incorporated

    Adobe Illustrator 2021:

      Version: 25.4.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-09, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Illustrator 2021/Adobe Illustrator.app
      Get Info String: 25.4.1, Copyright © 1987-2021 Adobe Systems Inc.  All rights reserved.

    com.microsoft.openxml:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 1:19 PM
      Kind: Other
      Location: /Users/user/Library/Application Scripts/com.microsoft.openxml.excel.app

    ROLI Studio Player:

      Version: 1.3.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-30, 12:10 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: ROLI Ltd. (S5LKE7JNDX), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/ROLI Studio Player.app

    ROLI Studio Drums:

      Version: 1.3.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-30, 12:10 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: ROLI Ltd. (S5LKE7JNDX), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/ROLI Studio Drums.app

    Numbers:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: App Store
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 11:13 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Apple Mac OS Application Signing, Apple Worldwide Developer Relations Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Numbers.app

    Microsoft Excel:

      Version: 16.53
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 11:21 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Microsoft Corporation (UBF8T346G9), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Microsoft Excel.app

    Microsoft Outlook:

      Version: 16.49
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-28, 4:56 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Microsoft Corporation (UBF8T346G9), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Microsoft Outlook.app

    Pages:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: App Store
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 11:15 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Apple Mac OS Application Signing, Apple Worldwide Developer Relations Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Pages.app

    GarageBand:

      Version: 10.4.3
      Obtained from: App Store
      Last Modified: 2021-06-07, 11:30 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Apple Mac OS Application Signing, Apple Worldwide Developer Relations Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/GarageBand.app
      Get Info String: GarageBand 10.4.3, Copyright © 2004–2021 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved

    Microsoft OneNote:

      Version: 16.49
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-28, 4:56 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Microsoft Corporation (UBF8T346G9), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Microsoft OneNote.app
      Get Info String: SZLONGVERSION

    Keynote:

      Version: 11.0.1
      Obtained from: App Store
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 11:14 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Apple Mac OS Application Signing, Apple Worldwide Developer Relations Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Keynote.app

    Microsoft PowerPoint:

      Version: 16.53
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 11:22 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Microsoft Corporation (UBF8T346G9), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Microsoft PowerPoint.app

    Adobe Premiere Rush:

      Version: 1.5.62
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-08, 9:55 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Premiere Rush/Adobe Premiere Rush.app
      Get Info String: 1.5.62, Copyright (C) 1991-2021 Adobe Systems, Incorporated

    Adobe InDesign 2021:

      Version: 16.4.0.54
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:34 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe InDesign 2021/Adobe InDesign 2021.app
      Get Info String: 16.4, Copyright 1999-2021 Adobe. All rights reserved.

    Adobe Bridge 2021:

      Version: 11.1.1.185
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:46 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Bridge 2021/Adobe Bridge 2021.app
      Get Info String: 11.1.1.185, Copyright 2003-2020, Adobe Inc.

    Adobe Lightroom Classic:

      Version: 10.4 [202108071231-af9219b9]
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:49 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Lightroom Classic/Adobe Lightroom Classic.app

    Adobe Animate 2021:

      Version: 21.0.9
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:52 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Animate 2021/Adobe Animate 2021.app
      Get Info String: Adobe Animate 2021 21.0.9, Copyright © 1991-2021-2021 Adobe. All rights reserved.

    Adobe InCopy 2021:

      Version: 16.4.0.54
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:58 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe InCopy 2021/Adobe InCopy 2021.app
      Get Info String: 16.4, Copyright 1999-2021 Adobe. All rights reserved.

    zoom:

      Version: 5.6.6 (950)
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-25, 3:41 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Zoom Video Communications, Inc. (BJ4HAAB9B3), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/zoom.us.app

    VLC:

      Version: 3.0.14
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:23 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: VideoLAN (75GAHG3SZQ), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/VLC.app

    Audacity:

      Version: 3.0.2.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-04-13, 4:38 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: James Crook (T3N4JQ7YY6), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Audacity.app
      Get Info String: Audacity version 3.0.2.0

    Equator:

      Version: 1.13.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-30, 12:09 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: ROLI Ltd. (S5LKE7JNDX), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Equator.app

    ROLI Connect:

      Version: 1.0.16
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-03-17, 12:13 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: ROLI Ltd. (S5LKE7JNDX), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/ROLI Connect.app

    Focusrite Control:

      Version: 3.7.4.1943
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-17, 12:33 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Focusrite Audio Engineering Ltd. (7VYBQV3T2Q), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Focusrite Control.app

    ROLI Dashboard:

      Version: 4.4.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-30, 12:00 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: ROLI Ltd. (S5LKE7JNDX), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/ROLI Dashboard.app

    Firefox:

      Version: 88.0.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-04, 3:43 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Mozilla Corporation (43AQ936H96), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Firefox.app
      Get Info String: Firefox 88.0.1

    Fuse:

      Version: 2017.1.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:57 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Fuse CC (Beta)/Fuse.app

    Adobe Premiere Pro 2021:

      Version: 15.4.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:40 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Premiere Pro 2021/Adobe Premiere Pro 2021.app
      Get Info String: 15.4.1, Copyright (C) 1991-2021 Adobe. All rights reserved.

    Adobe Lightroom:

      Version: Adobe Lightroom 4.4 (20210805-0652-b84a95f)
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:38 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Lightroom CC/Adobe Lightroom.app

    Adobe Photoshop 2021:

      Version: 22.5.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:31 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Photoshop 2021/Adobe Photoshop 2021.app
      Get Info String: 22.5.1 (20210907.r.441 de74e1a)

    Adobe Dimension:

      Version: 3.4.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-08, 10:00 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Dimension/Adobe Dimension.app

    Adobe Dreamweaver 2021:

      Version: 21.1.0.15413
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 9:52 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Dreamweaver 2021/Adobe Dreamweaver 2021.app
      Get Info String: 21.1.0.15413 Copyright © 2021 Adobe Inc. All rights reserved.

    Adobe Media Encoder 2021:

      Version: 15.4.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:55 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Media Encoder 2021/Adobe Media Encoder 2021.app
      Get Info String: Adobe Media Encoder 2021 15.4.1, Copyright (C) 2008-2021 Adobe

    Adobe XD:

      Version: 44.0.12.7
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:36 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe XD/Adobe XD.app

    Microsoft AutoUpdate:

      Version: 4.35
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-28, 4:56 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Microsoft Corporation (UBF8T346G9), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Microsoft/MAU2.0/Microsoft AutoUpdate.app

    Cocoa-AppleScript Applet:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Script Editor/Templates/Cocoa-AppleScript Applet.app

    Recursive Image File Processing Droplet:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Other
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Script Editor/Templates/Droplets/Recursive Image File Processing Droplet.app

    Droplet with Settable Properties:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Other
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Script Editor/Templates/Droplets/Droplet with Settable Properties.app

    Recursive File Processing Droplet:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Other
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Script Editor/Templates/Droplets/Recursive File Processing Droplet.app

    AirScanLegacyDiscovery:

      Version: 16.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Image Capture/Support/LegacyDeviceDiscoveryHelpers/AirScanLegacyDiscovery.app

    AppleMobileSync:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileDevice.framework/Versions/A/AppleMobileSync.app

    MobileDeviceUpdater:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileDevice.framework/Versions/A/Resources/MobileDeviceUpdater.app

    AppleMobileDeviceHelper:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileDevice.framework/Versions/A/AppleMobileDeviceHelper.app

    MRT:

      Version: 1.81
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/CoreServices/MRT.app

    FAX Utility:

      Version: 1.73
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2015-08-19, 11:00 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: EPSON (TXAEAV5RN4), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/FAX Utility.app
      Get Info String: 1.73, Copyright(C) Seiko Epson Corporation 2009-2015. All rights reserved.

    Fax Receive Monitor:

      Version: 1.71
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2015-08-19, 11:00 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: EPSON (TXAEAV5RN4), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Fax Receive Monitor.app
      Get Info String: 1.71, Copyright(C) Seiko Epson Corporation 2009-2015. All rights reserved.

    rastertoepfax:

      Version: 1.71
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2015-08-19, 11:00 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: EPSON (TXAEAV5RN4), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Filter/rastertoepfax.app
      Get Info String: Copyright(C) Seiko Epson Corporation 2009-2015. All rights reserved.

    EPFaxAutoSetupTool:

      Version: 1.71
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2015-08-19, 11:00 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: EPSON (TXAEAV5RN4), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/AutoSetupTool/EPFaxAutoSetupTool.app
      Get Info String: Copyright(C) Seiko Epson Corporation 2009-2015. All rights reserved.

    commandFilter:

      Version: 1.71
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2015-08-19, 11:00 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: EPSON (TXAEAV5RN4), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Filter/commandFilter.app
      Get Info String: Copyright(C) Seiko Epson Corporation 2012-2015. All rights reserved.

    epsonfax:

      Version: 1.71
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2015-08-19, 11:00 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: EPSON (TXAEAV5RN4), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/FaxIOSupport/epsonfax.app
      Get Info String: Copyright(C) Seiko Epson Corporation 2009-2015. All rights reserved.

    Installer:

      Version: 10.1.4
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:58 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Sophos/saas/Installer.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    AICY_16_4_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AICY_16_4_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    SophosScanAgent:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:58 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosScanAgent.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    Sophos Scan:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:58 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Sophos/Sophos Scan.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    AdobeGCClient:

      Version: 7.4.0.34
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 11:16 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/AdobeGCClient/AdobeGCClient.app

    AdobeCleanUpUtility:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-14, 4:03 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/AdobeGCClient/AdobeCleanUpUtility.app

    AME_15_4_1_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AME_15_4_1_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    FLPR_21_0_9:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/FLPR_21_0_9.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    Flash Player Debugger:

      Version: 32.0.0.414
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:52 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Animate 2021/Players/Debug/Flash Player Debugger.app
      Get Info String: Adobe Flash Player Debugger  32.0 r0 Copyright 1996-2020 Adobe and its licensors. All rights reserved.

    Flash Player:

      Version: 32.0.0.414
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:52 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Animate 2021/Players/Flash Player.app
      Get Info String: Adobe Flash Player   32.0 r0 Copyright 1996-2020 Adobe and its licensors. All rights reserved.

    Flash Player:

      Version: 32.0.0.414
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:52 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Animate 2021/Players/Release/Flash Player.app
      Get Info String: Adobe Flash Player   32.0 r0 Copyright 1996-2020 Adobe and its licensors. All rights reserved.

    LTRM_10_4_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/LTRM_10_4_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    KBRG_11_1_1:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/KBRG_11_1_1.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    TeamViewer Host:

      Version: 15.21.4
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-12, 10:08 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: TeamViewer GmbH (H7UGFBUGV6), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app

    AEFT_18_4_1:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AEFT_18_4_1.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    Maxon Cinema 4D Full Installer:

      Version: S22
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:45 PM
      Kind: Other
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Keyfiles/AfterEffects/18/CustomHooks/Maxon Cinema 4D Full Installer.app
      Get Info String: Maxon Cinema 4D S22

    Adobe After Effects Render Engine:

      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:45 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe After Effects 2021/Adobe After Effects Render Engine.app

    PPRO_15_4_1_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/PPRO_15_4_1_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    LRCC_4_4_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/LRCC_4_4_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    SPRK_44_0_12:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/SPRK_44_0_12.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    IDSN_16_4_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/IDSN_16_4_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    ACR_13_4_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/ACR_13_4_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    PHSP_22_5_1:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/PHSP_22_5_1.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    COSY_4_21_0_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/COSY_4_21_0_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    ACCFinderBundleLoader:

      Version: 4.21.0.14
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:17 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSyncExtension/ACCFinderBundleLoader.app

    CCXP_4_5_2:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/CCXP_4_5_2.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    LIBS_3_14_18:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/LIBS_3_14_18.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    AdobeIPCBroker:

      Version: 5.6.0.41
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:14 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Application Manager/IPC/AdobeIPCBroker.app
      Get Info String: 5.6.0.41 Copyright 2017, Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

    Sophos Endpoint:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Sophos/Sophos Endpoint.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    Adobe Acrobat Updater:

      Version: 1 . 1 . 1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2021-08-11, 7:50 AM
      Kind: Other
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/ARMDC/Application/Adobe Acrobat Updater.app
      Get Info String: 1 . 1 . 1, ©2009-2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

    Acrobat Update Helper:

      Version: 1 . 1 . 1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-11, 7:43 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/ARMDC/Application/Acrobat Update Helper.app
      Get Info String: 1 . 1 . 1, ©2009-2015 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

    com.faronics:

      Version: 7.30.220.0207
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-01, 10:49 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Faronics Corporation (HSHQ55YT7B), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.faronics.DeepFreezeAgent.app

    com.faronics:

      Version: 7.30.220.0207
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-09-01, 10:49 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Faronics Corporation (HSHQ55YT7B), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.faronics.deepfreezed.app

    ILST_25_4_1_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-29, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/ILST_25_4_1_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    Contact Sheets:

      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-09, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Illustrator 2021/Scripting.localized/Sample Scripts.localized/AppleScript.localized/Contact Sheet Demo.localized/Contact Sheets.app

    Make Calendar:

      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-09, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Illustrator 2021/Scripting.localized/Sample Scripts.localized/AppleScript.localized/Calendar.localized/Make Calendar.app

    Web Gallery:

      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-09, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Adobe Illustrator 2021/Scripting.localized/Sample Scripts.localized/AppleScript.localized/Web Gallery.localized/Web Gallery.app

    Sophos Network Extension:

      Version: 10.1.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Sophos/Sophos Network Extension.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosAutoUpdate:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosAutoUpdate.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosSXLD:

      Version: 10.1.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosSXLD.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    Sophos Endpoint Self Help:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Sophos/Sophos Endpoint Self Help.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosAgent:

      Version: 10.1.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosAgent.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosCryptoGuardLegacy:

      Version: 10.1.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosCryptoGuardLegacy.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosAntiVirus:

      Version: 10.1.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosAntiVirus.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosLiveResponse:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosLiveResponse.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosCryptoGuard:

      Version: 10.1.1
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosCryptoGuard.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    Sophos Endpoint UIServer:

      Version: 10.1.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/Sophos Endpoint UIServer.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    Sophos Diagnostic Utility:

      Version: 10.1.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/Tools/Sophos Diagnostic Utility.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosCleanD:

      Version: 10.1.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosCleanD.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    Remove Sophos Endpoint:

      Version: 10.1.4
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Sophos/Remove Sophos Endpoint.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    SophosServiceManager:

      Version: 10.1.3
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosServiceManager.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.

    PRLD_10_1:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-29, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/PRLD_10_1.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    AUDT_14_4_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-29, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AUDT_14_4_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    CHAR_4_4_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.619
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-29, 1:17 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/CHAR_4_4_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.619

    ESHR_3_4_3:

      Version: 5.5.0.617
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-08, 9:50 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/ESHR_3_4_3.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.617

    RUSH_1_5_62_32:

      Version: 5.5.0.617
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-07-08, 9:50 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/RUSH_1_5_62_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.5.0.617

    NativeMessagingHost:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 10:48 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/WebExtnUtils/NativeMessagingHost.app

    PRLD_8_1_1:

      Version: 4.9.0.504
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-08-20, 4:18 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/PRLD_8_1_1.app
      Get Info String: 4.9.0.504

    AEFT_16_1_3:

      Version: 4.9.0.504
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-08-20, 4:18 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AEFT_16_1_3.app
      Get Info String: 4.9.0.504

    AME_13_1_5:

      Version: 4.9.0.504
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-08-20, 4:18 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AME_13_1_5.app
      Get Info String: 4.9.0.504

    {B57067F9-E97B-46EE-94F5-179373B81A6C}:

      Version: 11.0.0.11
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:21 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/{B57067F9-E97B-46EE-94F5-179373B81A6C}/{B57067F9-E97B-46EE-94F5-179373B81A6C}.app
      Get Info String: 11.0.0.11, "© 2018 Adobe. All rights reserved."

    DRWV_19_2_1:

      Version: 4.9.0.504
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-08-20, 4:18 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/DRWV_19_2_1.app
      Get Info String: 4.9.0.504

    COMP_1_3_32:

      Version: 5.4.5.550
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-14, 11:38 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/COMP_1_3_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.4.5.550

    COSY_4_11_0_32:

      Version: 5.4.5.550
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-14, 11:38 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/COSY_4_11_0_32.app
      Get Info String: 5.4.5.550

    DRWV_21_1:

      Version: 5.4.5.550
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-14, 11:38 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/DRWV_21_1.app
      Get Info String: 5.4.5.550

    CORE_1_0_32:

      Version: 4.8.1.435
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:21 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/CORE_1_0_32.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.1.435

    AICY_14_0_2:

      Version: 4.8.1.435
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:21 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AICY_14_0_2.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.1.435

    CCXP_4_3_2:

      Version: 5.4.5.550
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-14, 11:38 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/CCXP_4_3_2.app
      Get Info String: 5.4.5.550

    CORG_1_1_32:

      Version: 4.8.1.435
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:21 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/CORG_1_1_32.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.1.435

    COCM_1_0_32:

      Version: 4.8.1.435
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:21 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/COCM_1_0_32.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.1.435

    KBRG_9_1:

      Version: 4.8.2.476
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-24, 11:49 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/KBRG_9_1.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.2.476

    COPS_1_0_32:

      Version: 4.8.1.435
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:21 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/COPS_1_0_32.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.1.435

    AUDT_12_1_5:

      Version: 5.0.0.354
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-11-18, 10:54 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/AUDT_12_1_5.app
      Get Info String: 5.0.0.354

    KASU_2_0_32:

      Version: 4.9.0.504
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-08-20, 4:18 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/KASU_2_0_32.app
      Get Info String: 4.9.0.504

    LIBS_3_12_11:

      Version: 5.4.1.534
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-03-03, 11:07 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/LIBS_3_12_11.app
      Get Info String: 5.4.1.534

    CHAR_2_1_1:

      Version: 4.8.2.476
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-24, 11:49 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/CHAR_2_1_1.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.2.476

    CDEC_1_0_0:

      Version: 4.8.1.435
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2019-05-18, 9:21 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Adobe Systems, Inc. (JQ525L2MZD), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Uninstall/CDEC_1_0_0.app
      Get Info String: 4.8.1.435

    Cinema 4D Team Render Client:

      Version: 21.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2020-01-27, 10:12 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R21/Cinema 4D Team Render Client.app
      Get Info String: Cinema 4D Team Render Client 21.022 © 1989-2019 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Commandline:

      Version: 21.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2020-01-27, 10:12 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R21/Commandline.app
      Get Info String: Commandline 21.022 © 1989-2019 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cinema 4D:

      Version: 21.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2020-01-27, 10:12 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R21/Cinema 4D.app
      Get Info String: Cinema 4D 21.022 © 1989-2019 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cinema 4D Lite:

      Version: 21.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2020-01-27, 10:13 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R21/Cinema 4D Lite.app
      Get Info String: Cinema 4D Lite 21.022 © 1989-2019 MAXON Computer GmbH

    c4dpy:

      Version: 21.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2020-01-27, 10:12 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R21/c4dpy.app
      Get Info String: c4dpy 21.022 © 1989-2019 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cineware:

      Version: 21.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2020-01-27, 10:12 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R21/Cineware.app
      Get Info String: Cineware 21.022 © 1989-2019 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cinema 4D Team Render Server:

      Version: 21.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2020-01-27, 10:12 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R21/Cinema 4D Team Render Server.app
      Get Info String: Cinema 4D Team Render Server 21.022 © 1989-2019 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cinema 4D Team Render Client:

      Version: 22.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 9:43 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R22/Cinema 4D Team Render Client.app
      Get Info String: Cinema 4D Team Render Client 22.016 © 1989-2020 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Commandline:

      Version: 22.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 9:43 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R22/Commandline.app
      Get Info String: Commandline 22.016 © 1989-2020 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cinema 4D:

      Version: 22.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 9:43 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R22/Cinema 4D.app
      Get Info String: Cinema 4D 22.016 © 1989-2020 MAXON Computer GmbH

    c4dpy:

      Version: 22.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 9:43 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R22/c4dpy.app
      Get Info String: c4dpy 22.016 © 1989-2020 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cineware:

      Version: 22.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 9:43 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R22/Cineware.app
      Get Info String: Cineware 22.016 © 1989-2020 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Cinema 4D Team Render Server:

      Version: 22.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-05-19, 9:43 AM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Maxon Computer GmbH (4ZY22YGXQG), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Applications/Maxon Cinema 4D R22/Cinema 4D Team Render Server.app
      Get Info String: Cinema 4D Team Render Server 22.016 © 1989-2020 MAXON Computer GmbH

    Canon IJScanner2:

      Version: 4.0.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2014-06-25, 11:00 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Canon Inc. (XE2XNRRXZ5), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner2.app
      Get Info String: Canon IJScanner2 version 4.0.0, Copyright CANON INC. 2009-2014

    Canon IJScanner6:

      Version: 4.0.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2014-06-25, 11:00 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Canon Inc. (XE2XNRRXZ5), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner6.app
      Get Info String: Canon IJScanner6 version 4.0.0, Copyright CANON INC. 2009-2014

    Canon IJScanner4:

      Version: 4.0.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2014-06-25, 11:00 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Canon Inc. (XE2XNRRXZ5), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner4.app
      Get Info String: Canon IJScanner4 version 4.0.0, Copyright CANON INC. 2009-2014

    EPSON Scanner:

      Version: 5.7.24
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2015-10-05, 8:23 PM
      Kind: Intel
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: EPSON (TXAEAV5RN4), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app
      Get Info String: 5.7.24, Copyright(C) Seiko Epson Corporation 2002-2015 All rights reserved.

    Terminal:

      Version: 2.11
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app

    System Preferences:

      Version: 14.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/System Preferences.app

    Keychain Access:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Keychain Access.app

    AddPrinter:

      Version: 16.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/AddPrinter.app

    TextEdit:

      Version: 1.16
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/TextEdit.app

    Installer:

      Version: 6.2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Installer.app

    Preview:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Preview.app

    App Store:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/App Store.app

    Mail:

      Version: 14.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Mail.app

    VoiceOver Quickstart:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/VoiceOver Quickstart.app

    Setup Assistant:

      Version: 10.10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Setup Assistant.app

    ARDAgent:

      Version: 3.9.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/ARDAgent.app

    Photo Library Migration Utility:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Photo Library Migration Utility.app

    ManagedClient:

      Version: 13.3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ManagedClient.app

    ControlStrip:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ControlStrip.app

    Certificate Assistant:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Certificate Assistant.app

    Finder:

      Version: 11.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app
      Get Info String: macOS Finder 11.5

    Directory Utility:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Directory Utility.app

    Archive Utility:

      Version: 10.15
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Archive Utility.app

    VoiceOver Utility:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/VoiceOver Utility.app

    System Information:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/System Information.app

    ColorSync Utility:

      Version: 4.14.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/ColorSync Utility.app

    AirPort Utility:

      Version: 6.3.9
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/AirPort Utility.app
      Get Info String: 6.3.9, Copyright 2001 -2020 Apple Inc.

    TV:

      Version: 1.1.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/TV.app
      Get Info String: TV 1.1.6.37, © 2019–2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    Reminders:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Reminders.app

    QuickTime Player:

      Version: 10.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/QuickTime Player.app
      Get Info String: 10.4, Copyright © 2009-2020 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.

    Podcasts:

      Version: 1.1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Podcasts.app

    Photos:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Photos.app

    Notes:

      Version: 4.8.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Notes.app

    Music:

      Version: 1.1.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Music.app
      Get Info String: Music 1.1.6.37, © 2019–2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    Messages:

      Version: 14.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Messages.app

    FaceTime:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/FaceTime.app

    Calendar:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Calendar.app

    Books:

      Version: 3.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Books.app

    HelpViewer:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/HelpViewer.app

    Recents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app/Contents/Applications/Recents.app

    iCloud Drive:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app/Contents/Applications/iCloud Drive.app

    Computer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app/Contents/Applications/Computer.app

    Network:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app/Contents/Applications/Network.app

    AirDrop:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app/Contents/Applications/AirDrop.app

    Wireless Diagnostics:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Wireless Diagnostics.app

    iOS App Installer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/iOS App Installer.app

    Storage Management:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Storage Management.app

    About This Mac:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/About This Mac.app

    Ticket Viewer:

      Version: 4.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Ticket Viewer.app

    Screen Sharing:

      Version: 556.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Screen Sharing.app

    Migration Assistant:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Migration Assistant.app

    Network Utility:

      Version: 1.9.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Network Utility.app
      Get Info String: 1.9.2, Copyright © 2000–2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    Folder Actions Setup:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Folder Actions Setup.app

    Expansion Slot Utility:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Expansion Slot Utility.app

    Feedback Assistant:

      Version: 5.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/Feedback Assistant.app

    Voice Memos:

      Version: 2.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/VoiceMemos.app

    Screenshot:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Screenshot.app

    DVD Player:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Applications/DVD Player.app

    Script Editor:

      Version: 2.11
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Script Editor.app

    Grapher:

      Version: 2.7
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Grapher.app

    Boot Camp Assistant:

      Version: 6.1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Boot Camp Assistant.app

    Disk Utility:

      Version: 20.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Disk Utility.app

    Digital Color Meter:

      Version: 5.22
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Digital Color Meter.app

    Console:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Console.app

    Audio MIDI Setup:

      Version: 3.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Audio MIDI Setup.app
      Get Info String: 3.5, Copyright 2002-2020 Apple Inc.

    Activity Monitor:

      Version: 10.14
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Activity Monitor.app

    Bluetooth File Exchange:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Utilities/Bluetooth File Exchange.app
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    Time Machine:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Time Machine.app

    Stocks:

      Version: 3.4.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Stocks.app

    Stickies:

      Version: 10.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Stickies.app

    Siri:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Siri.app

    Photo Booth:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Photo Booth.app

    News:

      Version: 6.4.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/News.app

    Mission Control:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Mission Control.app

    Maps:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Maps.app

    Launchpad:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Launchpad.app

    Image Capture:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Image Capture.app

    Home:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Home.app

    Font Book:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Font Book.app

    Find My:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/FindMy.app

    Dictionary:

      Version: 2.3.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Dictionary.app

    Contacts:

      Version: 13.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Contacts.app

    Chess:

      Version: 3.18
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Chess.app
      Get Info String: 3.18, Copyright 2003–2017 Apple Inc.

    Calculator:

      Version: 10.16
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Calculator.app
      Get Info String: 10.14, Copyright © 2000-2018, Apple Inc.

    Automator:

      Version: 2.10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Applications/Automator.app

    Summary Service:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Services/SummaryService.app

    ChineseTextConverterService:

      Version: 2.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Services/ChineseTextConverterService.app
      Get Info String: Chinese Text Converter 1.1

    Conflict Resolver:

      Version: 8.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SyncServicesUI.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Conflict Resolver.app
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright Apple Computer Inc. 2004

    Speech Downloader:

      Version: 9.0.43.3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpeechObjects.framework/Versions/A/SpeechDataInstallerd.app

    UASharedPasteboardProgressUI:

      Version: 54.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UserActivity.framework/Agents/UASharedPasteboardProgressUI.app

    universalAccessAuthWarn:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework/Versions/A/Resources/universalAccessAuthWarn.app

    UniversalAccessHUD:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework/Versions/A/Resources/UniversalAccessHUD.app

    DFRHUD:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework/Versions/A/Resources/DFRHUD.app

    SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app

    syncuid:

      Version: 8.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SyncServicesUI.framework/Versions/A/Resources/syncuid.app
      Get Info String: 4.0, Copyright Apple Computer Inc. 2004

    SpeechRecognitionServer:

      Version: 9.0.43.3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpeechObjects.framework/Versions/A/SpeechRecognitionServer.app

    AXVisualSupportAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework/Versions/A/Resources/AXVisualSupportAgent.app

    STMUIHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StorageManagement.framework/Versions/A/Resources/STMUIHelper.app

    AquaAppearanceHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SkyLight.framework/Versions/A/Resources/AquaAppearanceHelper.app

    SpeechSynthesizerAuditor:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SpeechSynthesizerAuditor.app

    ScreenReaderUIServer:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ScreenReaderUIServer.app

    nbagent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Noticeboard.framework/Versions/A/Resources/nbagent.app

    IDSRemoteURLConnectionAgent:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDSFoundation.framework/IDSRemoteURLConnectionAgent.app

    identityservicesd:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDS.framework/identityservicesd.app

    IMAutomaticHistoryDeletionAgent:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMDPersistence.framework/IMAutomaticHistoryDeletionAgent.app

    IMTransferAgent:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMTransferServices.framework/IMTransferAgent.app

    imagent:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMCore.framework/imagent.app

    FindMyMacMessenger:

      Version: 4.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FindMyMac.framework/Versions/A/Resources/FindMyMacMessenger.app

    Family:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FamilyNotification.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Family.app

    eaptlstrust:

      Version: 13.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EAP8021X.framework/Support/eaptlstrust.app

    ParentalControls:

      Version: 4.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FamilyControls.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ParentalControls.app
      Get Info String: 2.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007-2019

    DiskImages UI Agent:

      Version: 595.140.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiskImages.framework/Versions/A/Resources/DiskImages UI Agent.app

    FollowUpUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreFollowUp.framework/Versions/A/Resources/FollowUpUI.app

    AppSSOAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSSO.framework/Support/AppSSOAgent.app

    CIMFindInputCodeTool:

      Version: 104
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreChineseEngine.framework/Versions/A/SharedSupport/CIMFindInputCodeTool.app

    KerberosMenuExtra:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSSOKerberos.framework/Support/KerberosMenuExtra.app

    AOSAlertManager:

      Version: 1.07
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSKit.framework/Versions/A/Helpers/AOSAlertManager.app

    iCloud Drive:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudDocsDaemon.framework/Versions/A/Resources/iCloud Drive.app

    AskPermissionUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AskPermission.framework/Versions/A/Resources/AskPermissionUI.app

    AccessibilityVisualsAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilitySupport.framework/Versions/A/Resources/AccessibilityVisualsAgent.app

    AOSPushRelay:

      Version: 1.07
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSKit.framework/Versions/A/Helpers/AOSPushRelay.app

    storeuid:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CommerceKit.framework/Versions/A/Resources/storeuid.app

    Calibration Assistant:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AmbientDisplay.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Calibration Assistant.app

    AOSHeartbeat:

      Version: 1.07
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSKit.framework/Versions/A/Helpers/AOSHeartbeat.app

    iCloudUserNotificationsd:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSAccounts.framework/Versions/A/Resources/iCloudUserNotificationsd.app

    VietnameseIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/VietnameseIM.app

    TrackpadIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/TrackpadIM.app

    TamilIM:

      Version: 1.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/TamilIM.app
      Get Info String: Tamil Input Method 1.5

    TYIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/TYIM.app

    PressAndHold:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/PressAndHold.app

    SCIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/SCIM.app

    TCIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/TCIM.app

    KoreanIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/KoreanIM.app

    PluginIM:

      Version: 24
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/PluginIM.app

    Dictation:

      Version: 6.0.99.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/DictationIM.app

    JapaneseIM-KanaTyping:

      Version: 6.3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/JapaneseIM-KanaTyping.app

    JapaneseIM-RomajiTyping:

      Version: 6.3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/JapaneseIM-RomajiTyping.app

    HindiIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/HindiIM.app

    EmojiFunctionRowIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/EmojiFunctionRowIM.app

    CharacterPalette:

      Version: 2.0.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/CharacterPalette.app

    Assistive Control:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/Assistive Control.app

    MakePDF:

      Version: 10.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Image Capture/Automatic Tasks/MakePDF.app
      Get Info String: 10.1, © Copyright 2003-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    50onPaletteServer:

      Version: 1.1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/50onPaletteServer.app

    VirtualScanner:

      Version: 1711.5.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Image Capture/Devices/VirtualScanner.app

    AinuIM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Input Methods/AinuIM.app

    AirScanScanner:

      Version: 16
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Image Capture/Devices/AirScanScanner.app

    PTPCamera:

      Version: 1711.5.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Image Capture/Devices/PTPCamera.app

    MassStorageCamera:

      Version: 1711.5.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Image Capture/Devices/MassStorageCamera.app

    Build Web Page:

      Version: 10.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Image Capture/Automatic Tasks/Build Web Page.app
      Get Info String: 10.1, © Copyright 2003-2014 Apple  Inc. All rights reserved.

    SmartCard Pairing:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CryptoTokenKit.framework/ctkbind.app

    WebKitPluginHost:

      Version: 611
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/WebKit.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/WebKitLegacy.framework/Versions/A/WebKitPluginHost.app

    Wish:

      Version: 8.5.9
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Tk.framework/Versions/8.5/Resources/Wish.app
      Get Info String: Wish Shell 8.5.9,
Copyright © 1989-2021 Tcl Core Team,
Copyright © 2002-2021 Daniel A. Steffen,
Copyright © 2001-2009 Apple Inc.,
Copyright © 2001-2002 Jim Ingham & Ian Reid

    SyncServer:

      Version: 8.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SyncServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SyncServer.app
      Get Info String: © 2002-2003 Apple

    quicklookd:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/QuickLook.framework/Versions/A/Resources/quicklookd.app
      Get Info String: 5.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007-2013

    qlmanage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/QuickLook.framework/Versions/A/Resources/qlmanage.app

    QuickLookUIHelper:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/QuickLookUI.framework/Versions/A/Resources/QuickLookUIHelper.app
      Get Info String: 5.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007-2013

    Quick Look Simulator:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/QuickLookUI.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Quick Look Simulator.app

    Python:

      Version: 2.7.16
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/2.7/Resources/Python.app
      Get Info String: 2.7.16, (c) 2001-2016 Python Software Foundation.

    AddressBookSync:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AddressBook.framework/Helpers/AddressBookSync.app

    ABAssistantService:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AddressBook.framework/Versions/A/Helpers/ABAssistantService.app

    PrinterProxy:

      Version: 16.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/Print.framework/Versions/A/Plugins/PrinterProxy.app

    AddressBookSourceSync:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AddressBook.framework/Versions/A/Helpers/AddressBookSourceSync.app

    AddressBookManager:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AddressBook.framework/Versions/A/Helpers/AddressBookManager.app

    SpeechSynthesisServer:

      Version: 9.0.66
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/SpeechSynthesis.framework/Versions/A/SpeechSynthesisServer.app
      Get Info String: 9.0.66

    FontRegistryUIAgent:

      Version: 81.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/ATS.framework/Versions/A/Support/FontRegistryUIAgent.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2008-2013 Apple Inc.

    screencaptureui:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/screencaptureui.app

    rcd:

      Version: 360
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/rcd.app
      Get Info String: 360

    loginwindow:

      Version: 9.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app

    Watch Face Help:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/WatchFaceAlert.app

    Software Update:

      Version: 6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Software Update.app
      Get Info String: Software Update version 4.0, Copyright © 2000-2009, Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    VoiceOver:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/VoiceOver.app

    iCloud:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/iCloud.app

    Spotlight:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Spotlight.app

    SpacesTouchBarAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/SpacesTouchBarAgent.app

    WiFiAgent:

      Version: 17.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/WiFiAgent.app
      Get Info String: 17.0, Copyright © 2012-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    WidgetKit Simulator:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/WidgetKit Simulator.app

    TMHelperAgent:

      Version: 10.9
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/backupd.bundle/Contents/Resources/TMHelperAgent.app

    UnmountAssistantAgent:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/UnmountAssistantAgent.app

    UserNotificationCenter:

      Version: 64.103
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/UserNotificationCenter.app

    SystemUIServer:

      Version: 1.7
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemUIServer.app

    TextInputMenuAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/TextInputMenuAgent.app

    UIKitSystem:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/UIKitSystem.app

    ThermalTrap:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ThermalTrap.app

    TextInputSwitcher:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/TextInputSwitcher.app

    System Events:

      Version: 1.3.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/System Events.app

    UniversalAccessControl:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/UniversalAccessControl.app

    Siri:

      Version: 3006.2.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Siri.app

    Script Menu:

      Version: 1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Script Menu.app

    Screen Time:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Screen Time.app

    Share Screen Request:

      Version: 3.9.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/AppleVNCServer.bundle/Contents/Support/Share Screen Request.app

    ScreenSaverEngine:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ScreenSaverEngine.app

    Rosetta 2 Updater:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Apple Silicon
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Rosetta 2 Updater.app

    ReportPanic:

      Version: 10.13
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ReportPanic.app

    SSInvitationAgent:

      Version: 3.9.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/ScreensharingAgent.bundle/Contents/Support/SSInvitationAgent.app

    ScriptMonitor:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ScriptMonitor.app

    SSAssistanceCursor:

      Version: 3.9.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/ScreensharingAgent.bundle/Contents/Support/SSAssistanceCursor.app

    SSDragHelper:

      Version: 3.9.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/AppleVNCServer.bundle/Contents/Support/SSDragHelper.app

    LockScreen:

      Version: 3.9.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/AppleVNCServer.bundle/Contents/Support/LockScreen.app

    SSMenuAgent:

      Version: 3.9.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RemoteManagement/SSMenuAgent.app

    RapportUIAgent:

      Version: 2.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RapportUIAgent.app

    RegisterPluginIMApp:

      Version: 24
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/RegisterPluginIMApp.app

    Problem Reporter:

      Version: 10.13
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Problem Reporter.app

    ProfileHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ProfileHelper.app

    PodcastsAuthAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/PodcastsAuthAgent.app

    PowerChime:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/PowerChime.app

    ODSAgent:

      Version: 1.9
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ODSAgent.app
      Get Info String: 1.9 (190.1), Copyright © 2007-2009 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.

    Notification Center:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/NotificationCenter.app

    Paired Devices:

      Version: 2.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Paired Devices.app

    Memory Slot Utility:

      Version: 1.5.3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Memory Slot Utility.app

    Pass Viewer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Pass Viewer.app

    OSDUIHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/OSDUIHelper.app

    NowPlayingTouchUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/NowPlayingTouchUI.app

    PIPAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/PIPAgent.app

    OBEXAgent:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/OBEXAgent.app
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    LocationMenu:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/LocationMenu.app

    NetAuthAgent:

      Version: 6.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/NetAuthAgent.app

    KeyboardSetupAssistant:

      Version: 10.7
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/KeyboardSetupAssistant.app

    Keychain Circle Notification:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Keychain Circle Notification.app

    Language Chooser:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Language Chooser.app

    Games:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Games.app

    Dock:

      Version: 1.8
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Dock.app
      Get Info String: Dock 1.8

    AppleScript Utility:

      Version: 1.1.2
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/AppleScript Utility.app

    Clock:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Clock.app

    Bluetooth Setup Assistant:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Bluetooth Setup Assistant.app
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    Weather:

      Version: 1.4
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ClimateProxy.app

    AirPlayUIAgent:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/AirPlayUIAgent.app

    Automator Installer:

      Version: 2.10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Automator Installer.app

    FileSystemUIAgent:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/KernelEventAgent.bundle/Contents/Resources/FileSystemUIAgent.app

    KeyboardAccessAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/KeyboardAccessAgent.app

    JavaLauncher:

      Version: 319
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/JavaLauncher.app

    Install in Progress:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Install in Progress.app

    Installer Progress:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Installer Progress.app

    Install Command Line Developer Tools:

      Version: 2384
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Install Command Line Developer Tools.app

    Image Events:

      Version: 1.1.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Image Events.app

    FolderActionsDispatcher:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/FolderActionsDispatcher.app

    Family (OSX):

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Family (OSX).app

    EscrowSecurityAlert:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/EscrowSecurityAlert.app

    Dwell Control:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Dwell Control.app

    DiscHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/DiscHelper.app

    CoreServicesUIAgent:

      Version: 358.10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreServicesUIAgent.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc.

    Database Events:

      Version: 1.0.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Database Events.app

    DiskImageMounter:

      Version: 595.140.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/DiskImageMounter.app

    CoreLocationAgent:

      Version: 2420.19.23
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreLocationAgent.app
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2013 Apple Inc.

    AirPort Base Station Agent:

      Version: 2.2.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/AirPort Base Station Agent.app
      Get Info String: 2.2.1 (221.10), Copyright © 2006 -2020 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.

    Automator Application Stub:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Automator Application Stub.app

    ControlCenter:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/ControlCenter.app

    Captive Network Assistant:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/Captive Network Assistant.app

    BluetoothUIServer:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/BluetoothUIServer.app
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

    CalendarFileHandler:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/CalendarFileHandler.app

    AddressBookUrlForwarder:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/AddressBookUrlForwarder.app

    AVB Audio Configuration:

      Version: 940.4
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/CoreServices/AVB Audio Configuration.app

    Display Calibrator:

      Version: 4.14
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/ColorSync/Calibrators/Display Calibrator.app
      Get Info String: 4.14, Copyright 2014-2018 Apple Computer, Inc.

    ClassroomStudentMenuExtra:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Classroom/ClassroomStudentMenuExtra.app

    Spotlight:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Services/Spotlight.service

    SpeechService:

      Version: 9.0.66
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Services/SpeechService.service
      Get Info String: 9.0.66

    OpenSpell:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Services/OpenSpell.service

    AppleSpell:

      Version: 2.4
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Services/AppleSpell.service

Audio:

    Devices:

        External Headphones:

          Default Output Device: Yes
          Default System Output Device: Yes
          Manufacturer: Apple Inc.
          Output Channels: 2
          Current SampleRate: 48000
          Transport: Built-in
          Output Source: External Headphones

        iMac Microphone:

          Default Input Device: Yes
          Input Channels: 1
          Manufacturer: Apple Inc.
          Current SampleRate: 44100
          Transport: Built-in
          Input Source: iMac Microphone

        iMac Speakers:

          Manufacturer: Apple Inc.
          Output Channels: 2
          Current SampleRate: 44100
          Transport: Built-in
          Output Source: iMac Speakers

Bluetooth:

      Apple Bluetooth Software Version: 8.0.5d7
      Hardware, Features, and Settings:
          Name: CH-iMAC
          Address: 88-66-5A-0A-F6-16
          Bluetooth Low Energy Supported: Yes
          Handoff Supported: Yes
          Instant Hot Spot Supported: Yes
          Manufacturer: Broadcom
          Transport: UART
          Chipset: 4364B3
          Firmware Version: v65 c4187
          Bluetooth Power: On
          Discoverable: Off
          Connectable: Yes
          Auto Seek Pointing: On
          Remote wake: On
          Vendor ID: 0x05AC
          Product ID: 0x0096
          Bluetooth Core Spec: 5.0 (0x9)
          HCI Revision: 0x105B
          LMP Version: 5.0 (0x9)
          LMP Subversion: 0x2041
          Device Type (Major): Computer
          Device Type (Complete): Mac Desktop
          Composite Class Of Device: 0x380104
          Device Class (Major): 0x01
          Device Class (Minor): 0x01
          Service Class: 0x1C0
          Auto Seek Keyboard: On
      Devices (Paired, Configured, etc.):
          Magic Keyboard:
              Address: 64-0B-D7-14-C2-5D
              Major Type: Peripheral
              Minor Type: Keyboard
              Services: Magic Keyboard
              Paired: Yes
              Configured: Yes
              Connected: No
              Manufacturer: Broadcom (0x5, 0x240C)
              Bluetooth Core Spec: 3.0
              Firmware Version: 0x0107
              Vendor ID: 0x004C
              Product ID: 0x0267
              Class of Device: 0x05 0x10 0x2540
              Host Connectable: Yes
              EDR Supported: Yes
              eSCO Supported: No
              SSP Supported: Yes
          Magic Mouse 2:
              Address: A8-91-3D-3C-EF-CB
              Major Type: Peripheral
              Minor Type: Mouse
              Services: Magic Mouse 2
              Paired: Yes
              Configured: Yes
              Connected: No
              Manufacturer: Broadcom (0x5, 0x240C)
              Bluetooth Core Spec: 3.0
              Firmware Version: 0x0107
              Vendor ID: 0x004C
              Product ID: 0x0269
              Class of Device: 0x05 0x20 0x2580
              Host Connectable: Yes
              EDR Supported: Yes
              eSCO Supported: No
              SSP Supported: Yes
      Services:
          Bluetooth File Transfer:
              Folder other devices can browse: ~/Public
              When receiving items: Accept all without warning
              State: Disabled
          Bluetooth File Exchange:
              Folder for accepted items: ~/Downloads
              When other items are accepted: Save to location
              When receiving items: Accept all without warning
              State: Disabled
          Bluetooth Internet Sharing:
              State: Disabled
      Incoming Serial Ports:
          Bluetooth-Incoming-Port:
              RFCOMM Channel: 3
              Requires Authentication: No

Camera:

    FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in):

      Model ID: UVC Camera VendorID_1452 ProductID_34068
      Unique ID: 0x8020000005ac8514

Card Reader:

    Built in SD Card Reader:

      Vendor ID: 0x05ac
      Product ID: 0x8408
      Revision: 5.00
      Serial Number: 9

Controller:

    Controller Information:

      Model Name: Apple T2 Security Chip
      Firmware Version: 18P4759a
      Boot UUID: 140D5BB8-6AA1-430D-BACE-F01E1F8D7BA1

Diagnostics:

    Power On Self-Test:

      Last Run: 2022-11-03, 6:31 PM
      Result: Passed

Disabled Software:

    7VYBQV3T2Q - com.focusrite.driver.FocusritePCIe:

      Version: 4.6.1
      Reason: No User Consent
      Date Disabled: Unknown

Ethernet Cards:

    Broadcom 57766-A1:

      Name: ethernet
      Type: Ethernet Controller
      Bus: PCI
      Vendor ID: 0x14e4
      Device ID: 0x1686
      Subsystem Vendor ID: 0x14e4
      Subsystem ID: 0x1686
      Revision ID: 0x0001
      Link Width: x1
      BSD name: en0
      Kext name: AppleBCM5701Ethernet.kext
      Firmware version: 57766a-v1.15
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBCM5701Ethernet.kext
      mDNS offload capable: 3c:7d:0a:0c:39:13
      Version: 11.0.0

    iBridge:

      Type: USB
      BSD name: en4
      Kext name: AppleUSBNCM.kext
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBNCM.kext
      Version: 5.0.0
      MAC Address: ac:de:48:00:11:22
      Product ID: 33331
      Vendor ID: 1452

Extensions:

    ACPI_SMC_PlatformPlugin:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ACPI_SMC_PlatformPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPlatformPluginFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/ACPI_SMC_PlatformPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AFKACIPCKext:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AFKACIPC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AFKACIPCKext.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AGDCBacklightControl:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AGDCBacklightControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2008-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AGDCBacklightControl.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Load Address: 18446743522235396000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AGXFirmwareKextG11GRTBuddy:

      Version: 173.28.7
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AGXFirmwareKextG11GRTBuddy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AGXFirmwareKextG11GRTBuddy.kext
      Kext Version: 173.28.7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AGXFirmwareKextG13GRTBuddy:

      Version: 173.28.7
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AGXFirmwareKextG13GRTBuddy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AGXFirmwareKextG13GRTBuddy.kext
      Kext Version: 173.28.7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AGXFirmwareKextRTBuddy64:

      Version: 173.28.7
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AGXFirmwareKextRTBuddy64
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AGXFirmwareKextRTBuddy64.kext
      Kext Version: 173.28.7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AGXG11G:

      Version: 173.28.7
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AGXG11G
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AGXG11G.kext
      Kext Version: 173.28.7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AGXG13G:

      Version: 173.28.7
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AGXG13G
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AGXG13G.kext
      Kext Version: 173.28.7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ALF:

      Version: 5.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nke.applicationfirewall
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ALF.kext
      Kext Version: 311
      Load Address: 18446743523973792000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMD10000Controller:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMD10000Controller
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMD10000Controller 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMD10000Controller.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMD7000Controller:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMD7000Controller
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMD7000Controller 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMD7000Controller.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMD8000Controller:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMD8000Controller
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMD8000Controller 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMD8000Controller.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMD9000Controller:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMD9000Controller
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMD9000Controller 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMD9000Controller.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMD9500Controller:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMD9500Controller
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMD9500Controller 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMD9500Controller.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDFramebuffer:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDFramebuffer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMDFramebuffer 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDFramebuffer.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonServiceManager:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonServiceManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonServiceManager 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonServiceManager.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Load Address: 18446743521823228000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4000:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4000
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonX4000 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4000HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4000HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4000HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4000HWServices:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4000HWServices
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonX4000HWServices 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4030HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4030HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4030HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4050HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4050HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4050HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4070HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4070HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4070HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4100HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4100HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4100HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4200HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4200HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4200HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4400HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4400HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4400HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX4700HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX4700HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX4000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX4700HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX5000:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX5000
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonX5000 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX5000.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX5000HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX5000HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX5000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX5000HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX5000HWServices:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX5000HWServices
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonX5000HWServices 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX5000HWServices.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX5100HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX5100HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX5000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX5100HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX5200HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX5200HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX5000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX5200HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX5400HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX5400HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX5000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX5400HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX5700HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX5700HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX5000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX5700HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6000:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonX6000 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Load Address: 18446743522055315000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Load Address: 18446743522056840000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6000HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX6000HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6000HWServices:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000HWServices
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AMDRadeonX6000HWServices 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000HWServices.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Load Address: 18446743522060218000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6100HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6100HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX6100HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6200HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6200HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX6200HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743522123780000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6300HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6300HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX6300HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6700HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6700HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX6700HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDRadeonX6800HWLibs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6800HWLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000HWServices.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AMDRadeonX6800HWLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AMDSupport:

      Version: 4.6.20
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AMDSupport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AMDSupport 4.6.20 23419
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AMDSupport.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.6
      Load Address: 18446743522232394000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AUC:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AUC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AUC 1.0 Copyright 2017, Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AUC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AirPortBrcmNIC:

      Version: 14.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AirPort.BrcmNIC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 14.0, Copyright © 2006-2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IO80211Family.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AirPortBrcmNIC.kext
      Kext Version: 1400.1.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Apple16X50ACPI:

      Version: 3.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.Apple16X50ACPI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/Apple16X50Serial.kext/Contents/PlugIns/Apple16X50ACPI.kext
      Kext Version: 3.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Apple16X50Serial:

      Version: 3.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.Apple16X50Serial
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/Apple16X50Serial.kext
      Kext Version: 3.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleA7IOP:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleA7IOP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleA7IOP.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleACPIButtons:

      Version: 6.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleACPIButtons
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleACPIPlatform.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleACPIButtons.kext
      Kext Version: 6.1
      Load Address: 18446743523974386000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleACPIEC:

      Version: 6.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleACPIEC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleACPIPlatform.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleACPIEC.kext
      Kext Version: 6.1
      Load Address: 18446743523974406000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleACPIPlatform:

      Version: 6.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleACPIPlatform.kext
      Kext Version: 6.1
      Load Address: 18446743523973837000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAE2Audio:

      Version: 89.17
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAE2Audio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAE2Audio.kext
      Kext Version: 89.17
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAHCIPort:

      Version: 346.100.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAHCIPort
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Version 346.100.2, Copyright © 2005-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAHCIPort.kext
      Kext Version: 346.100.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleALSColorSensor:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleALSColorSensor
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleALSColorSensor.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleANXDPTX:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleANXDPTX
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleANXDPTX.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAOPAudio:

      Version: 16.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAOPAudio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 16.2, Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. 2015
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAOPAudio.kext
      Kext Version: 16.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAOPVoiceTrigger:

      Version: 11.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAOPVoiceTrigger
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 11.5, Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. 2015
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAOPVoiceTrigger.kext
      Kext Version: 11.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAPIC:

      Version: 1.7
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAPIC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAPIC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.7
      Load Address: 18446743523974504000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleARMGIC:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleARMGIC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleARMGIC.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleARMIISAudio:

      Version: 80.34.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.AppleARMIISAudio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleARMIISAudio.kext
      Kext Version: 80.34.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleARMPMU:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleARMPMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleARMPMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleARMPlatform:

      Version: 1.0.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleARMPlatform
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleARMPlatform.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleATAPIStorage:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleATAPIStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleATAPIStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAVD:

      Version: 385
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAVD
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleAVD 385 Copyright © 2016 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAVD.kext
      Kext Version: 385
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAVE2:

      Version: 401.73.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAVE2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright Apple Computer, Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAVE2.kext
      Kext Version: 401.73.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAVEBridge:

      Version: 26.5.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAVEBridge
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAVEBridge.kext
      Kext Version: 6.1
      Load Address: 18446743522233442000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleActuatorDriver:

      Version: 4440.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleActuatorDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleActuatorDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4440.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAfterburner:

      Version: 3.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAfterburner
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAfterburner.kext
      Kext Version: 3.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleAuthCP:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleAuthCP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleAuthCP.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              No kexts found for these libraries: com.apple.driver.AppleC26Charger
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBCM5701Ethernet:

      Version: 11.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.AppleBCM5701Ethernet
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: Apple Broadcom 57XX Ethernet 11.0.0, Copyright 2002-2013 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBCM5701Ethernet.kext
      Kext Version: 11.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523998884000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIeMac:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIeMac
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIeMac.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523974558000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBCMWLANCore:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBCMWLANCore.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBCMWLANCoreMac:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreMac
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBCMWLANCoreMac.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523974926000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBSDKextStarter:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBSDKextStarter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBSDKextStarter.kext
      Kext Version: 3
      Load Address: 18446743523976843000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBSDKextStarter.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBSDKextStarterVPN:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBSDKextStarterVPN
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBSDKextStarter.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBSDKextStarterVPN.kext
      Kext Version: 3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBTM:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBTM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBTM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBacklight:

      Version: 180.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBacklight
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 180.3, Copyright 2000-2018 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBacklight.kext
      Kext Version: 180.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBacklightExpert:

      Version: 1.1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBacklightExpert
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.1.0, AppleBacklightExpert, Copyright 2000-2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBacklightExpert.kext
      Kext Version: 1.1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBiometricSensor:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBiometricSensor
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBiometricSensor.kext
      Kext Version: 2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBiometricServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBiometricServices
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBiometricServices.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Indirect dependencies can't be resolved: com.apple.driver.AppleTrustedAccessory, com.apple.driver.AppleMesaSEPDriver
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBluetoothDebug:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothDebug
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBluetoothDebug.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBluetoothDebugService:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothDebugService
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBluetoothDebugService.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBluetoothHIDKeyboard:

      Version: 224
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothHIDKeyboard
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 224
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDKeyboard.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBluetoothHIDKeyboard.kext
      Kext Version: 224
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBluetoothHIDMouse:

      Version: 194
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothHIDMouse
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 194
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDMouse.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBluetoothHIDMouse.kext
      Kext Version: 194
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBluetoothModule:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothModule
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBluetoothModule.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBluetoothMultitouch:

      Version: 99
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothMultitouch
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBluetoothMultitouch.kext
      Kext Version: 99
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBluetoothRemote:

      Version: 70
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBluetoothRemote
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBluetoothRemote.kext
      Kext Version: 70
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleBusPowerController:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBusPowerController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBusPowerController.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523976995000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleCS42L83Audio:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleCS42L83Audio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleCS42L83Audio.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleCSEmbeddedAudio:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleCSEmbeddedAudio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleCSEmbeddedAudio.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleCameraInterface:

      Version: 7.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleCameraInterface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleCameraInterface, Copyright © 2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleCameraInterface.kext
      Kext Version: 7.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleConvergedIPCOLYBTControl:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleConvergedIPCOLYBTControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleConvergedIPCOLYBTControl.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleConvergedPCI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleConvergedPCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleConvergedPCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleCredentialManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleCredentialManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleCredentialManager.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523977474000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleCycloneErrorHandler:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleCycloneErrorHandler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleCycloneErrorHandler.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD1755PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD1755PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD1755PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD1815PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD1815PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD1815PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD1881PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD1881PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD1881PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD1946PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD1946PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD1946PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD1972PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD1972PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD1972PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD1974PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD1974PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD1974PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2018PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2018PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2018PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2045PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2045PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2045PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2089PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2089PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2089PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2186PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2186PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2186PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2207PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2207PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2207PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2238PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2238PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2238PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2255PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2255PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2255PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2257PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2257PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2257PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2333PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2333PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2333PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2346PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2346PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2346PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2365PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2365PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2365PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2400PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2400PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2400PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2401PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2401PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2401PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2422PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2422PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2422PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2449PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2449PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2449PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleD2460PMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleD2460PMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleD2460PMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDAPF:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDAPF
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDAPF.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDCP:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDCP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDCP.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDCPDPDisplayProxy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDCPDPDisplayProxy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDCPDPDisplayProxy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDCPDPTXProxy:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDCPDPTXProxy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDCPDPTXProxy.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDPDisplay:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDPDisplay
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDPDisplay.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDPDisplayTCON:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDPDisplayTCON
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDPDisplayTCON.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDPRepeater:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDPRepeater
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDPRepeater.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDPTX:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDPTX
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDPTX.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiagnosticDataAccess:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDiagnosticDataAccess
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDiagnosticDataAccess.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiagnosticDataAccessReadOnly:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDiagnosticDataAccessReadOnly
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDiagnosticDataAccessReadOnly.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDialogPMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDialogPMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDialogPMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImages2:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDiskImages2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDiskImages2.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743522234302000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesCryptoEncoding:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.CryptoEncoding
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesCryptoEncoding.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesFileBackingStore:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.FileBackingStore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesFileBackingStore.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesHTTPBackingStore:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.HTTPBackingStore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesHTTPBackingStore.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesKernelBacked:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.KernelBacked
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesKernelBacked.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesRAMBackingStore:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.RAMBackingStore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesRAMBackingStore.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesReadWriteDiskImage:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.ReadWriteDiskImage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesReadWriteDiskImage.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesSparseDiskImage:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.SparseDiskImage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesSparseDiskImage.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDiskImagesUDIFDiskImage:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages.UDIFDiskImage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDiskImagesUDIFDiskImage.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDisplayCrossbar:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDisplayCrossbar
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleDisplayCrossbar.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleDummyCodecAudio:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleDummyCodecAudio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleDummyCodecAudio.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEFINVRAM:

      Version: 2.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEFINVRAM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEFIRuntime.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleEFINVRAM.kext
      Kext Version: 2.1
      Load Address: 18446743523977847000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEFIRuntime:

      Version: 2.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEFIRuntime
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEFIRuntime.kext
      Kext Version: 2.1
      Load Address: 18446743523977834000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEffaceableBlockDevice:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEffaceableBlockDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEffaceableBlockDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEffaceableNOR:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEffaceableNOR
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEffaceableNOR.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523977896000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEffaceableStorage:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEffaceableStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEffaceableStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523977925000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEffaceableTDM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEffaceableTDM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEffaceableTDM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedAccelerometer:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedAccelerometer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAccelerometer.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedAudio:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedAudio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedAudioButtonsHIDService:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleEmbeddedAudioButtonsHIDService
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleEmbeddedAudioButtonsHIDService.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedAudioLibs:

      Version: 1.17
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedAudioLibs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudioLibs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.17
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedBluetoothMultitouch:

      Version: 82
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedBluetoothMultitouch
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedBluetoothMultitouch.kext
      Kext Version: 82
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedLightSensor:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedLightSensor
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedLightSensor.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedNewAccelerometer:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedNewAccelerometer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedNewAccelerometer.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedOSSupportHost:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedOSSupportHost
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedOSSupportHost.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedPCIE:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedPCIE
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedPCIE.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedSimpleSPINORFlasherDriver:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleEmbeddedSimpleSPINORFlasher
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedSimpleSPINORFlasherDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedTempSensor:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedTempSensor
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedTempSensor.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedTouchEEPROMDriver:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedTouchEEPROM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedTouchEEPROMDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedUSB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedUSB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedUSB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedUSBHost:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEmbeddedUSBHost
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedUSBHost.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEmbeddedUSBXHCIPCI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleEmbeddedUSBXHCIPCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedUSBXHCIPCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEthernetAquantiaAqtion:

      Version: 1.0.64
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEthernetAquantiaAqtion
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleEthernetAquantiaAqtion.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.64
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEthernetAquantiaAqtionFirmware:

      Version: 1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleEthernetAquantiaAqtionFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleEthernetAquantiaAqtionFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.36
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleEventLogHandler:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleEventLogHandler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEventLogHandler.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFAN53740:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFAN53740
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFAN53740.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFDEKeyStore:

      Version: 28.30
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFDEKeyStore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFDEKeyStore.kext
      Kext Version: 28.30
      Load Address: 18446743523977966000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFIVRDriver:

      Version: 4.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFIVRDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFIVRDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4.1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless:

      Version: 125
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Load Address: 18446743523977998000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib:

      Version: 125
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523978010000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFWAudio:

      Version: 270.19.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFWAudio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleFWAudio 270.19.2, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFWAudio.kext
      Kext Version: 270.19.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFWOHCI:

      Version: 5.7.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFWOHCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleFWOHCI version 5.7.4, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOFireWireFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleFWOHCI.kext
      Kext Version: 5.7.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFileSystemDriver:

      Version: 3.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFileSystemDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFileSystemDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.1
      Load Address: 18446743523978093000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFileUtil:

      Version: 20.036.15
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.fileutil
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFileUtil.kext
      Kext Version: 20.036.15
      Load Address: 18446743522234757000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFireStormErrorHandler:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFireStormErrorHandler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFireStormErrorHandler.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFireWireStorage:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFireWireStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2003-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleFireWireStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFirmwareKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFirmwareKit
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFirmwareKit.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleFirmwareUpdateKext:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleFirmwareUpdateKext
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleFirmwareUpdateKext.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGFXHDA:

      Version: 100.1.433
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleGFXHDA
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleGFXHDA 100.1.433, Copyright © 2000-2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGFXHDA.kext
      Kext Version: 100.1.433
      Load Address: 18446743522234880000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGPIOICController:

      Version: 1.0.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleGPIOICController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGPIOICController.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGPUWrangler:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleGPUWrangler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2016-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleGPUWrangler.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Load Address: 18446743522235408000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGameControllerPersonality:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleGameControllerPersonality
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGameControllerPersonality.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGraphicsControl:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleGraphicsControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2008-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Load Address: 18446743522235367000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGraphicsDeviceControl:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleGraphicsDeviceControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2008-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleGraphicsDeviceControl.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Load Address: 18446743522235450000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2008-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Load Address: 18446743522235482000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleGraphicsPowerManagement:

      Version: 122.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AGPM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 113, Copyright 2008-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsPowerManagement.kext
      Kext Version: 122.1
      Load Address: 18446743522235814000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleH10CameraInterface:

      Version: 16.15.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleH10CameraInterface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleH10CameraInterface.kext
      Kext Version: 16.15.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleH10PearlCameraInterface:

      Version: 16.15.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleH10PearlCameraInterface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleH10PearlCameraInterface.kext
      Kext Version: 16.15.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleH11ANEInterface:

      Version: 4.76.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleH11ANEInterface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleH11ANEInterface.kext
      Kext Version: 4.76.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleH13CameraInterface:

      Version: 3.58.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleH13CameraInterface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleH13CameraInterface.kext
      Kext Version: 3.58.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHDA:

      Version: 283.15
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHDA
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleHDA 283.15, Copyright © 2000-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHDA.kext
      Kext Version: 283.15
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHDAController:

      Version: 283.15
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHDAController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleHDAController 283.15, Copyright © 2000-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHDA.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleHDAController.kext
      Kext Version: 283.15
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHDAHardwareConfigDriver:

      Version: 283.15
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHDAHardwareConfigDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleHDAHardwareConfigDriver 283.15, Copyright © 2000-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHDA.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleHDAHardwareConfigDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 283.15
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHIDALSService:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHIDALSService
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDALSService.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523978105000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHIDKeyboard:

      Version: 224
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHIDKeyboard
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 224
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDKeyboard.kext
      Kext Version: 224
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHIDKeyboardEmbedded:

      Version: 1.2.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHIDKeyboardEmbedded
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.2.0a3
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDKeyboardEmbedded.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2.0a3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHIDMouse:

      Version: 194
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHIDMouse
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 194
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDMouse.kext
      Kext Version: 194
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHIDTransport:

      Version: 4400.35
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHIDTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 4400.35
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHIDTransportSPI:

      Version: 4400.35
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHIDTransportSPI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDTransport.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleHIDTransportSPI.kext
      Kext Version: 4400.35
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Indirect dependencies can't be resolved: com.apple.driver.AppleHIDTransport
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHPET:

      Version: 1.8
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHPET
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHPET.kext
      Kext Version: 1.8
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHPM:

      Version: 3.4.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHPM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleHPM version 3.4.4, Copyright © 2014-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHPM.kext
      Kext Version: 3.4.4
      Load Address: 18446743523978190000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHSBluetoothDriver:

      Version: 4050.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHSBluetoothDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleHSBluetoothDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4050.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHSSPIHIDDriver:

      Version: 61
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHSSPIHIDDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHSSPIHIDDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 61
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHSSPISupport:

      Version: 61
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHSSPISupport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHSSPISupport.kext
      Kext Version: 61
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHV:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHV
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHV.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743522237903000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHighVoltageCharger:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHighVoltageCharger
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHighVoltageCharger.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleHollywood:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleHollywood
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleHollywood.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleI2CEthernetAquantia:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleI2CEthernetAquantia
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleI2CEthernetAquantia.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIPAppender:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIPAppender
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIPAppender.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIRController:

      Version: 360
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIRController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 360
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIRController.kext
      Kext Version: 360
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleImage4:

      Version: 3.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.security.AppleImage4
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleImage4.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523978367000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleInputDeviceSupport:

      Version: 4400.35
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleInputDeviceSupport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleInputDeviceSupport.kext
      Kext Version: 4400.35
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntel8254XEthernet:

      Version: 3.1.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntel8254XEthernet
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 3.1.5, Copyright Apple, Inc. 2009-2019
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleIntel8254XEthernet.kext
      Kext Version: 3.1.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelBDWGraphics:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelBDWGraphics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelBDWGraphics 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelBDWGraphics.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelBDWGraphicsFramebuffer:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelBDWGraphicsFramebuffer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelBDWGraphicsFramebuffer 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelBDWGraphicsFramebuffer.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelCFLGraphicsFramebuffer:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelCFLGraphicsFramebuffer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleIntelCFLGraphicsFramebuffer 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsFramebuffer.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Load Address: 18446743522240152000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelCPUPowerManagement:

      Version: 222.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelCPUPowerManagement
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCPUPowerManagement.kext
      Kext Version: 222.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelCPUPowerManagementClient:

      Version: 222.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelCPUPowerManagementClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 222.0.0, Copyright © 2005-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCPUPowerManagementClient.kext
      Kext Version: 222.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelFramebufferAzul:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelFramebufferAzul
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelFramebufferAzul 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelFramebufferAzul.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelFramebufferCapri:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelFramebufferCapri
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelFramebufferCapri 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelFramebufferCapri.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelHD4000Graphics:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelHD4000Graphics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelHD4000Graphics 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelHD4000Graphics.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelHD5000Graphics:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelHD5000Graphics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelHD5000Graphics 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelHD5000Graphics.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelI210Ethernet:

      Version: 2.3.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelI210Ethernet
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Apple Intel I210 Ethernet, Copyright 2013-2016 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleIntelI210Ethernet.kext
      Kext Version: 2.3.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelICLGraphics:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelICLGraphics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelICLGraphics 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelICLGraphics.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelICLLPGraphicsFramebuffer:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelICLLPGraphicsFramebuffer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelICLLPGraphicsFramebuffer 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelICLLPGraphicsFramebuffer.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelKBLGraphics:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelKBLGraphics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleIntelKBLGraphics 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelKBLGraphics.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Load Address: 18446743522249445000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelKBLGraphicsFramebuffer:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelKBLGraphicsFramebuffer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelKBLGraphicsFramebuffer 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsFramebuffer.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssDmac:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssDmac
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssDmac.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Load Address: 18446743523978715000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssGspi:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssGspi
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssGspi.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssI2C:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssI2C
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssI2C.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Load Address: 18446743523978777000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssI2CController:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssI2CController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssI2CController.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Load Address: 18446743523978810000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssSpiController:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssSpiController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssSpiController.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssUARTCommon:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTCommon
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssUARTCommon.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Load Address: 18446743522252600000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssUARTv0:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv0
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssUARTv0.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelLpssUARTv1:

      Version: 3.0.60
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv1
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelLpssUARTv1.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.60
      Load Address: 18446743522252616000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelMCEReporter:

      Version: 1.1.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelMCEReporter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelMCEReporter.kext
      Kext Version: 115
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelPCHPMC:

      Version: 2.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelPCHPMC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelPCHPMC.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.1
      Load Address: 18446743522252698000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelSKLGraphics:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelSKLGraphics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelSKLGraphics 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelSKLGraphics.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelSKLGraphicsFramebuffer:

      Version: 16.5.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelSKLGraphicsFramebuffer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleIntelSKLGraphicsFramebuffer 16.5.2 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelSKLGraphicsFramebuffer.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClocking:

      Version: 4.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClocking
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClocking.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743522255872000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleInterruptController:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleInterruptController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2009-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleInterruptController.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleJPEGDriver:

      Version: 4.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleJPEGDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 4.6.0, Copyright Apple, Inc. 2008
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleJPEGDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleKextExcludeList:

      Version: 16.4.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.KextExcludeList
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/Extensions/AppleKextExcludeList.kext
      Kext Version: 16.4.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleKeyStore:

      Version: 2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleKeyStore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleKeyStore.kext
      Kext Version: 2
      Load Address: 18446743523978945000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleLMBacklight:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleLMBacklight
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleLMBacklight.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleLPC:

      Version: 3.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleLPC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleLPC.kext
      Kext Version: 3.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleLSIFusionMPT:

      Version: 3.8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleLSIFusionMPT
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 3.8.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2014
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleLSIFusionMPT.kext
      Kext Version: 3.8.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleLightningErrorHandler:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleLightningErrorHandler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleLightningErrorHandler.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleM2ScalerCSC:

      Version: 266.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleM2ScalerCSCDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 9.0.5, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleM2ScalerCSC.kext
      Kext Version: 265.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleM68Buttons:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleM68Buttons
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleM68Buttons.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMAX98357Amp:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMAX98357Amp
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMAX98357Amp.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMAX98721Amp:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMAX98721Amp
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMAX98721Amp.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMAX98726Audio:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMAX98726Audio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMAX98726Audio.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMCA2_T8020:

      Version: 540.10
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMCA2-T8020
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMCA2_T8020.kext
      Kext Version: 540.10
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMCA2_T8027:

      Version: 540.10
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMCA2-T8027
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMCA2_T8027.kext
      Kext Version: 540.10
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMCA2_T8103:

      Version: 540.10
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMCA2-T8103
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMCA2_T8103.kext
      Kext Version: 540.10
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMCCSControl:

      Version: 1.14
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 1.11, Copyright 2011-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMCCSControl.kext
      Kext Version: 1.14
      Load Address: 18446743522255892000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMCDP29XX:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMCDP29XX
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMCDP29XX.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMCDP29XXUpdateSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMCDP29XXUpdateSupport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMCDP29XXUpdateSupport.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMCP89RootPortPM:

      Version: 1.11
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMCP89RootPortPM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.11, Copyright Apple Inc. 2009-2010
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMCP89RootPortPM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.11
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMGPUPowerControl:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMGPUPowerControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2008-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMGPUPowerControl.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMatch:

      Version: 38
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.AppleMatch
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMatch.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Load Address: 18446743523979674000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMemorexCDROMDriver:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMemorexCDROMDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMemorexCDROMDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMesaSEPDriver:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMesaSEPDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMesaSEPDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 100.99
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Indirect dependencies can't be resolved: com.apple.driver.AppleTrustedAccessory
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMikeyDriver:

      Version: 283.15
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMikeyDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleMikeyDriver 283.15, Copyright © 2000-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHDA.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMikeyDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 283.15
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMikeyHIDDriver:

      Version: 1.3.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMikeyHIDDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMikeyHIDDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 131
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileApNonce:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileApNonce
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMobileApNonce.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileDevice:

      Version: 4.0
      Last Modified: 2020-10-01, 6:28 PM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /Library/Extensions/AppleMobileDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileDevice:

      Version: 4.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/Extensions/AppleMobileDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileDispH11G:

      Version: 140.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileDispH11G
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMobileDispH11G.kext
      Kext Version: 140.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileDispH13G-DCP:

      Version: 140.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileDispH13G-DCP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMobileDispH13G-DCP.kext
      Kext Version: 140.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileDispH13G-DFR:

      Version: 140.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileDispH13G-DFR
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMobileDispH13G-DFR.kext
      Kext Version: 140.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileDispH13G:

      Version: 140.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileDispH13G
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMobileDispH13G.kext
      Kext Version: 140.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMobileFileIntegrity:

      Version: 1.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMobileFileIntegrity
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMobileFileIntegrity.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.5
      Load Address: 18446743523979690000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMultiFunctionManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMultiFunctionManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMultiFunctionManager.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMultiFunctionManagerMac:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMultiFunctionManagerMac
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMultiFunctionManagerMac.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMultitouchDriver:

      Version: 4440.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMultitouchDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleMultitouchDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4440.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMuxControl:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMuxControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2008-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMuxControl.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleMuxControl2:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleMuxControl2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2008-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleMuxControl2.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleNANDConfigAccess:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleNANDConfigAccess
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleNANDConfigAccess.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleNMI:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleNMI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleNMI Pseudoextension, Apple Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/AppleNMI.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleOnboardSerial:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleOnboardSerial
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleOnboardSerial.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743522255966000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePIODMA:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePIODMA
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePIODMA.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePMGR:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePMGR
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePMGR.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePMP:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePMP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePMP.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePMPFirmware:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePMPFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePMPFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePVPanic:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePVPanic
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePVPanic.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleParavirtGPU:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleParavirtGPU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleParavirtGPU.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleParavirtGPUIOGPUFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleParavirtGPUIOGPUFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleParavirtGPUIOGPUFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleParavirtIOSurface:

      Version: 11.4.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.AppleParavirtIOSurface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleParavirtIOSurface.kext
      Kext Version: 11.4.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePassthroughPPM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePassthroughPPM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePassthroughPPM.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePerfPolicyControllers:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePerfPolicyControllers
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2012 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePerfPolicyControllers.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePlatformEnabler:

      Version: 2.7.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePlatformEnabler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ApplePlatformEnabler.kext
      Kext Version: 2.7.0d0
      Load Address: 18446743522256208000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePlatformFamily:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.ApplePlatformFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Apple Platform Family Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/ApplePlatformFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ApplePolicyControl:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.ApplePolicyControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 6.3.5, Copyright 2011-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGraphicsControl.kext/Contents/PlugIns/ApplePolicyControl.kext
      Kext Version: 6.3.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleRAID:

      Version: 5.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleRAID
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleRAID 5.1, Copyright 2016 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleRAID.kext
      Kext Version: 5.1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleRSM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleRSM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleRSM.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleRTC:

      Version: 2.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleRTC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleRTC.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS5L8920XPWM:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS5L8920XPWM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS5L8920XPWM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS5L8930XUSB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS5L8930XUSB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS5L8930XUSB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS5L8940XDWI:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS5L8940XDWI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS5L8940XDWI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS5L8940XI2C:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS5L8940XI2C
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS5L8940XI2C.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS5L8960XNCO:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS5L8960XNCO
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS5L8960XNCO.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS5L8960XUSB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS5L8960XUSB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS5L8960XUSB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS5L8960XWatchDogTimer:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS5L8960XWatchDogTimer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS5L8960XWatchDogTimer.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS8000AES:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS8000AES
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS8000AES.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleS8000DWI:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleS8000DWI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleS8000DWI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSART:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSART
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSART.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSDXC:

      Version: 1.9.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSDXC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.9.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 2009-2020
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSDXC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.9.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSEPGenericTransfer:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.AppleSEPGenericTransfer
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSEPGenericTransfer.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSEPHDCPManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSEPHDCPManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSEPHDCPManager.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSEPKeyStore:

      Version: 2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSEPKeyStore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSEPKeyStore.kext
      Kext Version: 2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSEPManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSEPManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSEPManager.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Load Address: 18446743523980194000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSMBIOS:

      Version: 2.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSMBIOS
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSMBIOS.kext
      Kext Version: 2.1
      Load Address: 18446743523980288000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSMBusController:

      Version: 1.0.18
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleSMBusController version 1.0.18, Copyright 2008-2017 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSMBusController.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.18d1
      Load Address: 18446743522256224000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSMBusPCI:

      Version: 1.0.14
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusPCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleSMBusPCI version 1.0.14, Copyright 2008-2015 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSMBusPCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.14d1
      Load Address: 18446743522256265000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSMC:

      Version: 3.1.9
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSMC.kext
      Kext Version: 3.1.9
      Load Address: 18446743523980304000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSMCLMU:

      Version: 212
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSMCLMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSMCLMU.kext
      Kext Version: 212
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSMCPDRC:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSMCPDRC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPlatformPluginFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleSMCPDRC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSMCRTC:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSMCRTC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSMCRTC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523980420000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSPIMC:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSPIMC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSPIMC.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSPMI:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSPMI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSPMI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSPMIPMU:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSPMIPMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSPMIPMU.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSPU:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSPU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSPU.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSRP:

      Version: 5.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.security.SecureRemotePassword
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSRP.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSSE:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSSE
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSSE.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523980440000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSSM3515Audio:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSSM3515Audio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleSSM3515Audio.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSTDP2700:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSTDP2700
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSTDP2700.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSamsungSPI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSamsungSPI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSamsungSPI.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSamsungSerial:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSamsungSerial
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSamsungSerial.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSmartBatteryManager:

      Version: 161.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSmartBatteryManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSmartBatteryManager.kext
      Kext Version: 161.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSmartIO2:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSmartIO2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSmartIO2.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleStark:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleStark
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStark.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleStockholmControl:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleStockholmControl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStockholmControl.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleStorageDrivers:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleStorageDrivers
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSummitLCD:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSummitLCD
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSummitLCD.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSynopsysMIPIDSI:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSynopsysMIPIDSI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSynopsysMIPIDSI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSynopsysOTGDevice:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleSynopsysOTGDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleSynopsysOTGDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleSystemPolicy:

      Version: 2.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleSystemPolicy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleSystemPolicy.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523980796000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT6000AUSBPhy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT6000AUSBPhy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTypeCPhy.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT6000AUSBPhy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT6000TypeCPhy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT6000TypeCPhy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTypeCPhy.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT6000TypeCPhy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT7000USBOTGDevice:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT7000USBOTGDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT7000USBOTGDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8002USB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8002USB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8002USB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8006USB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8006USB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8006USB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8010PMPFirmware:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8010PMPFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8010PMPFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8011PMPFirmware:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8011PMPFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8011PMPFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8011USB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8011USB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8011USB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8011USBXDCI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8011USBXDCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT8011USBXDCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8015PMPFirmware:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8015PMPFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8015PMPFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8020:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8020
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8020.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8020DART:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8020DART
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8020DART.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8020PMPFirmware:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8020PMPFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8020PMPFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8020SOCTuner:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8020SOCTuner
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8020SOCTuner.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8020USB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8020USB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8020USB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8027.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027CLPCv3:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027CLPCv3
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2018 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8027CLPCv3.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027PCIe:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027PCIe
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8027PCIe.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027PMGR:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027PMGR
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8027PMGR.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027PMPFirmware:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027PMPFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8027PMPFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027TypeCPhy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027TypeCPhy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTypeCPhy.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT8027TypeCPhy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027USB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027USB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8027USB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8027USBXDCI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8027USBXDCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT8027USBXDCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8030TypeCPhy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8030TypeCPhy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTypeCPhy.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT8030TypeCPhy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8101:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8101
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8101.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8101AFT:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8101AFT
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8101AFT.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8101TypeCPhy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8101TypeCPhy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTypeCPhy.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT8101TypeCPhy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8101USB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8101USB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8101USB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8103CLPCv3:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8103CLPCv3
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8103CLPCv3.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8103PCIe:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8103PCIe
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8103PCIe.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8103PCIeC:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8103PCIeC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8103PCIeC.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8103PMGR:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8103PMGR
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8103PMGR.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8103TypeCPhy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8103TypeCPhy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTypeCPhy.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleT8103TypeCPhy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleT8103USB:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleT8103USB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleT8103USB.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTAS5770LAmp:

      Version: 442.26
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTAS5770LAmp
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleEmbeddedAudio.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleTAS5770LAmp.kext
      Kext Version: 442.26
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTCA6408GPIOIC:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTCA6408GPIOIC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTCA6408GPIOIC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTCA7408GPIOIC:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTCA7408GPIOIC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTCA7408GPIOIC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltDPAdapterFamily:

      Version: 8.1.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPAdapterFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltDPAdapters.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltDPAdapterFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 8.1.4
      Load Address: 18446743523980866000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltDPAdapters:

      Version: 8.1.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPAdapters
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltDPAdapters.kext
      Kext Version: 8.1.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter:

      Version: 8.1.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltDPAdapters.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter.kext
      Kext Version: 8.1.4
      Load Address: 18446743523980968000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltDPOutAdapter:

      Version: 8.1.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPOutAdapter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltDPAdapters.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltDPOutAdapter.kext
      Kext Version: 8.1.4
      Load Address: 18446743523981017000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltEDMService:

      Version: 5.0.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltEDMService
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltEDMService.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltEDMSink:

      Version: 5.0.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltEDMSink
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltEDMService.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltEDMSink.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltEDMSource:

      Version: 5.0.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltEDMSource
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltEDMService.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltEDMSource.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltIP:

      Version: 4.0.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltIP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltIP.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.3
      Load Address: 18446743522256510000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltNHI:

      Version: 7.2.8
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltNHI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleThunderboltNHI version 7.2.8, Copyright © 2009-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltNHI.kext
      Kext Version: 7.2.8
      Load Address: 18446743523981160000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters:

      Version: 4.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters version 4.0.1, Copyright © 2009-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter:

      Version: 4.1.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters version 4.1.1, Copyright © 2009-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter.kext
      Kext Version: 4.1.1
      Load Address: 18446743523981398000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltPCIUpAdapter:

      Version: 4.1.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIUpAdapter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters version 4.1.1, Copyright © 2009-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltPCIAdapters.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltPCIUpAdapter.kext
      Kext Version: 4.1.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltUSBAdapters:

      Version: 1.0.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltUSBAdapters
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltUSBAdapters.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltUSBDownAdapter:

      Version: 1.0.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltUSBDownAdapter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltUSBAdapters.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltUSBDownAdapter.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltUSBUpAdapter:

      Version: 1.0.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltUSBUpAdapter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltUSBAdapters.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleThunderboltUSBUpAdapter.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleThunderboltUTDM:

      Version: 3.0.7
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltUTDM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleThunderboltUTDM.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTopCase:

      Version: 4050.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTopCase
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext
      Kext Version: 4050.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTopCaseActuatorHIDDriver:

      Version: 4050.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTopCaseActuatorHIDDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleTopCaseActuatorHIDDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4050.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTopCaseDriverV2:

      Version: 4050.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTopCaseDriverV2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleTopCaseDriverV2.kext
      Kext Version: 4050.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTopCaseHIDEventDriver:

      Version: 4050.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTopCaseHIDEventDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleTopCaseHIDEventDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4050.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTriStar:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTriStar
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTriStar.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTrustedAccessory:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTrustedAccessory
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTrustedAccessory.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Incomplete
      Dependency Errors:
          Dependency Resolution Failures:
              Kexts already loaded for these libraries are not compatible with the requested version: com.apple.driver.AppleSMC
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTwisterErrorHandler:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTwisterErrorHandler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTwisterErrorHandler.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleTypeCPhy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleTypeCPhy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTypeCPhy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBACM:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.acm
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBACM.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBAudio:

      Version: 405.39
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBAudio
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleUSBAudio 405.39, Copyright © 2000-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBAudio.kext
      Kext Version: 405.39
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBCDC:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.cdc
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBCDC.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523981664000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBCardReader:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2009-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBCardReader.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Load Address: 18446743523980595000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBCommon:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBCommon
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBCommon.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523981680000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBDMM:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.dmm
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBDMM.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBDeviceMux:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBDeviceMux
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBDeviceMux.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBDeviceNCM:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBDeviceNCM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBDeviceNCM.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBDisplays:

      Version: 3.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBDisplays
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleUSBDisplays 3.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBDisplays.kext
      Kext Version: 380
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBECM:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.ecm
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBECM.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523981791000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBEEM:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.eem
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBEEM.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBEHCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBEHCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBEHCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBEHCIPCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBEHCIPCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBEHCIPCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBEthernet:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.ethernet.asix
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBEthernet.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBEthernetHost:

      Version: 8.1.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.macos.driver.AppleUSBEthernetHost
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBEthernetHost.kext
      Kext Version: 8.1.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHIDMouse:

      Version: 194
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBHIDMouse
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 194
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDMouse.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBHIDMouse.kext
      Kext Version: 194
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHSIC:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBHSIC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHSIC.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostBillboardDevice:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostBillboardDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBHostBillboardDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524005642000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostMergeProperties:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBHostMergeProperties
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBHostMergeProperties.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524005663000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostPacketFilter:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostPacketFilter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBHostPacketFilter.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743524005670000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostPlatformProperties:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostPlatformProperties
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBHostPlatformProperties.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostS5L8930X:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostS5L8930X
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostS5L8930X.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostS5L8960X:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostS5L8960X
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostS5L8960X.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostT7000:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostT7000
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostT7000.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostT8002:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostT8002
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostT8002.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostT8011:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostT8011
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostT8011.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostT8020:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostT8020
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostT8020.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostT8027:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostT8027
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostT8027.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostT8030:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostT8030
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostT8030.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHostT8103:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostT8103
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBHostT8103.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBHub:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHub
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBHub.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524005683000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBLegacyHub:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBLegacyHub
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBLegacyHub.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBMassStorageInterfaceNub:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBMassStorageInterfaceNub
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2008-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBMassStorageInterfaceNub.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBMergeNub:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBMergeNub
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBMergeNub.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBMike:

      Version: 1.0.0d1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBMike
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBMike.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBMultitouch:

      Version: 264
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBMultitouch
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBMultitouch.kext
      Kext Version: 264
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBNCM:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.ncm
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBNCM.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523981939000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBNetworking:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.networking
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBNetworking.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523981976000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBODD:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBODD
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBODD.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBOHCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBOHCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBOHCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBOHCIPCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBOHCIPCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBOHCIPCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBOpticalMouse:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBOpticalMouse
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBOpticalMouse.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBRealtek8153Patcher:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.realtek8153patcher
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBRealtek8153Patcher.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBRecoveryHost:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBRecoveryHost
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBRecoveryHost.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBSerial:

      Version: 6.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.serial
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBSerial.kext
      Kext Version: 6.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBTCButtons:

      Version: 256
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBTCButtons
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 256
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBTCButtons.kext
      Kext Version: 256
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBTCKeyEventDriver:

      Version: 256
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBTCKeyEventDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 256
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBTCKeyEventDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 256
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBTCKeyboard:

      Version: 256
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBTCKeyboard
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 256
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBTCKeyboard.kext
      Kext Version: 256
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBTDM:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBTDM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright © 2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBTDM.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Load Address: 18446743523980681000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBTopCase:

      Version: 256
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBTopCase
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 256
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBTopCase.kext
      Kext Version: 256
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBTopCaseDriver:

      Version: 4050.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBTopCaseDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBTopCaseDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 4050.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBUHCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBUHCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBUHCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBUHCIPCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBUHCIPCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBUHCIPCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBUserHCI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBUserHCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBUserHCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743522261783000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524006150000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCIBCE:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCIBCE
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCIBCE.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524006290000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCICommon:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCICommon
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBCommon.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCICommon.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523981701000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCICommonBCE:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCICommonBCE
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBCommon.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCICommonBCE.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523981730000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCICommonRSM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCICommonRSM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBCommon.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCICommonRSM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCIFirmware:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCIFirmware
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2000-2018 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCIFirmware.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCIFirmwareRSM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCIFirmwareRSM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2000-2018 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCIFirmwareRSM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBVHCIRSM:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCIRSM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBVHCIRSM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBWCM:

      Version: 5.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.wcm
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBWCM.kext
      Kext Version: 5.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBXDCI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBXDCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBXDCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBXDCIARM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBXDCIARM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBXDCIARM.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBXHCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBXHCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524006298000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBXHCIARM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIARM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBXHCIARM.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBXHCIPCI:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIPCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleUSBXHCIPCI.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524006654000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUSBiBridge:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBiBridge
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBiBridge.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleUpstreamUserClient:

      Version: 3.6.8
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUpstreamUserClient.kext
      Kext Version: 3.6.8
      Load Address: 18446743522257252000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVPBootPolicy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.security.AppleVPBootPolicy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVPBootPolicy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVPCredentialManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVPCredentialManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVPCredentialManager.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVPKeyStore:

      Version: 2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVPKeyStore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVPKeyStore.kext
      Kext Version: 2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVirtIO:

      Version: 74.120.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVirtIO
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVirtIO.kext
      Kext Version: 74.120.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVirtIOStorage:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.AppleVirtIOStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVirtIOStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVirtualGraphics:

      Version: 74.120.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVirtualGraphics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVirtualGraphics.kext
      Kext Version: 74.120.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVirtualMCA:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVirtualMCA
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVirtualMCA.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVirtualPlatform:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVirtualPlatform
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVirtualPlatform.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVmxnet3Ethernet:

      Version: 1.0.10
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVmxnet3Ethernet
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleVmxnet3Ethernet.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.10
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleVortexErrorHandler:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleVortexErrorHandler
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleVortexErrorHandler.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleWWANSupport:

      Version: 3.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleWWANSupport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSerialFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleWWANSupport.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleWWANSupport1:

      Version: 4.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleWWANSupport1
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSerialFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleWWANSupport1.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleWWANSupport2:

      Version: 3.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleWWANSupport2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSerialFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleWWANSupport2.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleXsanScheme:

      Version: 16
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleXsanScheme
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 16, Copyright © 2005-2009, 2014-2015 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleXsanScheme.kext
      Kext Version: 3
      Load Address: 18446743523982230000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AppleXserveRAID:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleXserveRAID
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2002-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleXserveRAID.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Apple_iSight:

      Version: 4.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.Apple_iSight
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleQ8 version 4.0.1, Copyright 2008 Apple Computer, Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/Apple_iSight.kext
      Kext Version: 4.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ArcMSR:

      Version: 1.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.Areca.ArcMSR
      Notarized: No
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Areca RAID Driver 1.4.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ArcMSR.kext
      Kext Version: 1.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Areca Technology Corporation (34JN824YNC), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AudioAUUC:

      Version: 1.70
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AudioAUUC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AudioAUUC.kext
      Kext Version: 1.70
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    AudioDMAController_T8103:

      Version: 1.60.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AudioDMAController-T8103
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AudioDMAController_T8103.kext
      Kext Version: 1.60.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BCMWLANFirmware4355_Hashstore:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4355.Hashstore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BCMWLANFirmware4355_Hashstore.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523982324000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BCMWLANFirmware4364_Hashstore:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4364.Hashstore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BCMWLANFirmware4364_Hashstore.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523982336000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BCMWLANFirmware4377_Hashstore:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4377.Hashstore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BCMWLANFirmware4377_Hashstore.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523982385000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BCMWLANFirmware4378_Hashstore:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4378.Hashstore
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BCMWLANFirmware4378_Hashstore.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523982410000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BSDKernel:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.bsd
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: BSD Kernel Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/BSDKernel.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BootCache:

      Version: 40
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.BootCache
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2001-2008 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BootCache.kext
      Kext Version: 40
      Load Address: 18446743523982438000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BootPolicy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.security.BootPolicy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BootPolicy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BridgeAudioCommunication:

      Version: 140.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.BridgeAudioCommunication
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BridgeAudioCommunication.kext
      Kext Version: 140.4
      Load Address: 18446743522257318000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BridgeAudioController:

      Version: 140.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleBridgeAudioController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/BridgeAudioController.kext
      Kext Version: 140.4
      Load Address: 18446743522257371000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BroadcomBluetooth20703USBTransport:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.BroadcomBluetooth20703USBTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/BroadcomBluetooth20703USBTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    BroadcomBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.BroadcomBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/BroadcomBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CSRBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.CSRBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/CSRBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CSRHIDTransitionDriver:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.CSRHIDTransitionDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/CSRHIDTransitionDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CanonEOS1D:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.CanonEOS1D
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1 Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/CanonEOS1D.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CellPhoneHelper:

      Version: 1.4.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.CellPhoneHelper
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/CellPhoneHelper.kext
      Kext Version: 1.4.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CoreAnalyticsFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.CoreAnalyticsFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/CoreAnalyticsFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523982496000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CoreKDL:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.CoreKDL
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/CoreKDL.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CoreStorage:

      Version: 554.140.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.CoreStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: CoreStorage 1.0, Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/CoreStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 554.140.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CoreStorageFsck:

      Version: 554.140.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.CoreStorageFsck
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: CoreStorage 1.0, Copyright © 2010 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/CoreStorage.kext/Contents/PlugIns/CoreStorageFsck.kext
      Kext Version: 554.140.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    CoreTrust:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.CoreTrust
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/CoreTrust.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523983389000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    DCPAVFamilyProxy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DCPAVFamilyProxy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/DCPAVFamilyProxy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    DCPDPFamilyProxy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DCPDPFamilyProxy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/DCPDPFamilyProxy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    DCPMIPIProxy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOMIPIFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/DCPMIPIProxy.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Dont Steal Mac OS X:

      Version: 7.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2006,2009 Apple Inc.  All rights reserved.

The purpose of this Apple software is to protect Apple copyrighted materials from unauthorized copying and use. You may not copy, modify, reverse engineer, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, transfer or redistribute this file, in whole or in part.  If you have obtained a copy of this Apple software and do not have a valid license from Apple to use it, please immediately destroy or delete it from your computer.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/Dont Steal Mac OS X.kext
      Kext Version: 7.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743522257420000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    DspFuncLib:

      Version: 283.15
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DspFuncLib
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: DspFuncLib 283.15, Copyright © 2000-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHDA.kext/Contents/PlugIns/DspFuncLib.kext
      Kext Version: 283.15
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    EncryptedBlockStorage:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.EncryptedBlockStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/EncryptedBlockStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    EndpointSecurity:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.EndpointSecurity
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/EndpointSecurity.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523983421000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    FSPlaceholder:

      Version: 1.14.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.fsplaceholder
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/FSPlaceholder.kext
      Kext Version: 1.14.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    FWPreferredProtocolSpeed:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.FWPreferredProtocolSpeed
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2005-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/FWPreferredProtocolSpeed.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    FairPlayIOKit:

      Version: 68.7.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.FairPlayIOKit
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/FairPlayIOKit.kext
      Kext Version: 68.7.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    FireWireStorageDeviceSpecifics:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.FireWireStorageDeviceSpecifics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/FireWireStorageDeviceSpecifics.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    FocusritePCIe:

      Version: 4.6.1
      Last Modified: 2016-03-08, 12:27 PM
      Bundle ID: com.focusrite.driver.FocusritePCIe
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /Library/Extensions/FocusritePCIe.kext
      Kext Version: 4.6.1 236
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Focusrite Audio Engineering Ltd. (7VYBQV3T2Q), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    GeForce:

      Version: 16.0.13
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.GeForce
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: GeForce 16.0.13 
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/GeForce.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFS:

      Version: 556.100.11
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.hfs.kext
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFS.kext
      Kext Version: 556.100.11
      Load Address: 18446743523983774000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFSEncodings:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.hfs.encodings.kext
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFSEncodings.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523984212000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFS_MacCentralEurRoman:

      Version: 8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.HFS_MacCentralEurRoman
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFS_MacCentralEurRoman.kext
      Kext Version: 90
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFS_MacChineseSimp:

      Version: 8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.HFS_MacChineseSimp
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFS_MacChineseSimp.kext
      Kext Version: 90
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFS_MacChineseTrad:

      Version: 8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.HFS_MacChineseTrad
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFS_MacChineseTrad.kext
      Kext Version: 90
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFS_MacCyrillic:

      Version: 8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.HFS_MacCyrillic
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFS_MacCyrillic.kext
      Kext Version: 90
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFS_MacJapanese:

      Version: 8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.HFS_MacJapanese
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFS_MacJapanese.kext
      Kext Version: 90
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HFS_MacKorean:

      Version: 8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.HFS_MacKorean
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/HFS_MacKorean.kext
      Kext Version: 90
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HighPointIOP:

      Version: 4.4.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.highpoint-tech.kext.HighPointIOP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Version: 4.4.5, Copyright (c) 2020 HighPoint Technologies, Inc.
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /Library/Extensions/HighPointIOP.kext
      Kext Version: 4.4.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: HighPoint Technologies, Inc (DX6G69M9N2), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    HighPointRR:

      Version: 4.22.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.highpoint-tech.kext.HighPointRR
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Version: 4.22.1, Copyright (c) 2020 HighPoint Technologies, Inc.
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /Library/Extensions/HighPointRR.kext
      Kext Version: 4.22.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: HighPoint Technologies, Inc (DX6G69M9N2), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IO80211Family:

      Version: 12.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IO80211Family
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 12.0, Copyright © 2005-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IO80211Family.kext
      Kext Version: 1200.12.2b1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IO80211FamilyV2:

      Version: 12.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IO80211FamilyV2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 12.0, Copyright © 2005-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IO80211FamilyV2.kext
      Kext Version: 1200.12.2b1
      Load Address: 18446743523994235000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IO80211NetBooter:

      Version: 12.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IO80211NetBooter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 12.0, Copyright © 2005–2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IO80211Family.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IO80211NetBooter.kext
      Kext Version: 1200.12.2b1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IO80211NetBooterV2:

      Version: 12.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IO80211NetBooterV2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 12.0, Copyright © 2005–2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IO80211FamilyV2.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IO80211NetBooterV2.kext
      Kext Version: 1200.12.2b1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOACPIFamily:

      Version: 1.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOACPIFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOACPIFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.4
      Load Address: 18446743523995960000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAHCIBlockStorage:

      Version: 332
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAHCIBlockStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Version 332, Copyright © 2005-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAHCIFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOAHCIBlockStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 332
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAHCIFamily:

      Version: 294.100.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAHCIFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Version 294.100.1, Copyright © 2005-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAHCIFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 294.100.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAHCISerialATAPI:

      Version: 268
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAHCISerialATAPI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 268, Copyright (c) Apple Inc. 2006-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAHCIFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOAHCISerialATAPI.kext
      Kext Version: 268
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOATABlockStorage:

      Version: 3.1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOATABlockStorage
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 3.1.2, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2015
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOATAFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOATABlockStorage.kext
      Kext Version: 3.1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOATAFamily:

      Version: 2.5.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOATAFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 2.5.3, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2014
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOATAFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 2.5.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOATAPIProtocolTransport:

      Version: 3.5.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOATAPIProtocolTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 3.5.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2011
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOATAFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOATAPIProtocolTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 3.5.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAVBControlPlugin:

      Version: 940.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.plugin.IOAVBControlPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOAVBControlPlugin 940.4, Copyright © 2010-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAVBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOAVBControlPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 940.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAVBDiscoveryPlugin:

      Version: 940.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.plugin.IOAVBDiscoveryPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOAVBDiscoveryPlugin 940.4, Copyright © 2010-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAVBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOAVBDiscoveryPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 940.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAVBFamily:

      Version: 940.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAVBFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: IOAVBFamily 940.4, Copyright © 2010-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAVBFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 940.4
      Load Address: 18446743522258485000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAVBStreamingPlugin:

      Version: 940.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.plugin.IOAVBStreamingPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOAVBStreamingPlugin 940.4, Copyright © 2010-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAVBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOAVBStreamingPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 940.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAVFamily:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAVFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAVFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAcceleratorFamily2:

      Version: 442.9
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAcceleratorFamily2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAcceleratorFamily2.kext
      Kext Version: 442.9
      Load Address: 18446743522258928000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAccessoryManager:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAccessoryManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAccessoryManager.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAccessoryPortUSB:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAccessoryPortUSB
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAccessoryPortUSB.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAudio2Family:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAudio2Family
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOAudio2Family 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAudio2Family.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOAudioFamily:

      Version: 300.6.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOAudioFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: IOAudioFamily 300.6.1, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAudioFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 300.6.1
      Load Address: 18446743522259464000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBDStorageFamily:

      Version: 1.8
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBDStorageFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBDStorageFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.8
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBiometricFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBiometricFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBiometricFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothFamily:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Load Address: 18446743523996406000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothHIDDriver:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOBluetoothHIDDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothHIDDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothHostControllerPCIeTransport:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOBluetoothHostControllerPCIeTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOBluetoothHostControllerPCIeTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothHostControllerTransport:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothHostControllerTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOBluetoothHostControllerTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Load Address: 18446743523997230000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Load Address: 18446743523997254000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOBluetoothHostControllerUSBTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothPacketLogger:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothPacketLogger
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOBluetoothPacketLogger.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Load Address: 18446743523997380000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothSerialManager:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothSerialManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOBluetoothSerialManager.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Load Address: 18446743522259653000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBluetoothUSBDFU:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothUSBDFU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBluetoothFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOBluetoothUSBDFU.kext
      Kext Version: 8.0.5d7
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBufferCopyController:

      Version: 1.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBufferCopyController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBufferCopyController.kext
      Kext Version: 1.1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523997495000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOBufferCopyEngineFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOBufferCopyEngineFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOBufferCopyEngineFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523997520000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOCDStorageFamily:

      Version: 1.8
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOCDStorageFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOCDStorageFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.8
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOCECFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOCECFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOCECFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOCryptoAcceleratorFamily:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOCryptoAcceleratorFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Crypto Accelerator Family
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOCryptoAcceleratorFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IODARTFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IODARTFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IODARTFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IODVDStorageFamily:

      Version: 1.8
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IODVDStorageFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IODVDStorageFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.8
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IODisplayPortFamily:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IODisplayPortFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IODisplayPortFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOEthernetAVBController:

      Version: 1.1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOEthernetAVBController
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOEthernetAVBController.kext
      Kext Version: 1.1.0
      Load Address: 18446743524001260000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOFireWireAVC:

      Version: 4.2.8
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOFireWireAVC
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOFireWireAVC version 4.2.8, Copyright © 2011-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOFireWireAVC.kext
      Kext Version: 4.2.8
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOFireWireFamily:

      Version: 4.8.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOFireWireFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOFireWireFamily version 4.8.3, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOFireWireFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 4.8.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOFireWireSBP2:

      Version: 4.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOFireWireSBP2
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOFireWireSBP2 version 4.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOFireWireSBP2.kext
      Kext Version: 4.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOFireWireSerialBusProtocolSansPhysicalUnit:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOFireWireSerialBusProtocolSansPhysicalUnit
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOFireWireSerialBusProtocolSansPhysicalUnit.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOFireWireSerialBusProtocolTransport:

      Version: 2.5.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOFireWireSerialBusProtocolTransport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 2.5.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2011
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOFireWireSerialBusProtocolTransport.kext
      Kext Version: 2.5.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOGPUFamily:

      Version: 21.11
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOGPUFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOGPUFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 21.11
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOGraphicsFamily:

      Version: 585.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOGraphicsFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 585.1, Copyright 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOGraphicsFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 585.1
      Load Address: 18446743522260505000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHDAFamily:

      Version: 283.15
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOHDAFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOHDAFamily 283.15, Copyright © 2000-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHDA.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHDAFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 283.15
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHDCPFamily:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOHDCPFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDCPFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHDIXController:

      Version: 493.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.DiskImages
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHDIXController.kext
      Kext Version: 493.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523997626000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHIDEventDriver:

      Version: 2.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOHIDEventDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDEventDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHIDEventDriverSafeBoot:

      Version: 2.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOHIDEventDriverSafeBoot
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDEventDriverSafeBoot.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHIDFamily:

      Version: 2.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523997893000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHIDSystem:

      Version: 2.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOHIDSystem
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDSystem.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOHIDUserClient:

      Version: 2.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOHIDUserClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDUserClient.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOImageLoader:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOImageLoader
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOImageLoader.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743523998396000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOKit:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.iokit
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: I/O Kit Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/IOKit.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOKitRegistryCompatibility:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOKitRegistryCompatibility
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOKitRegistryCompatibility.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743523998482000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOMRPPlugin:

      Version: 940.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.plugin.IOMRPPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: IOMRPPlugin 940.4, Copyright © 2010-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOAVBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOMRPPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 940.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOMobileGraphicsFamily-DCP:

      Version: 343.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOMobileGraphicsFamily-DCP
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOMobileGraphicsFamily-DCP.kext
      Kext Version: 343.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOMobileGraphicsFamily:

      Version: 343.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOMobileGraphicsFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOMobileGraphicsFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 343.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IONDRVSupport:

      Version: 585.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IONDRVSupport
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 585.1, Copyright 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONDRVSupport.kext
      Kext Version: 585.1
      Load Address: 18446743522260787000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IONVMeFamily:

      Version: 2.1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IONVMeFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 2.1.0, Copyright © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONVMeFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 2.1.0
      Load Address: 18446743523998490000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IONVRAMFamily:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IONVRAMFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: AppleNMI Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/IONVRAMFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IONetworkingFamily:

      Version: 3.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 3.4
      Load Address: 18446743523998695000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOPCIFamily:

      Version: 2.9
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 2.9, Copyright © 2000-2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPCIFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 2.9
      Load Address: 18446743524001366000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOPlatformPluginFamily:

      Version: 6.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOPlatformPluginFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPlatformPluginFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 6.0.0d8
      Load Address: 18446743522260832000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOPlatformPluginLegacy:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOPlatformPluginLegacy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPlatformPluginFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOPlatformPluginLegacy.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOReportFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOReportFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOReportFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 47
      Load Address: 18446743524001591000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily:

      Version: 436.140.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 436.140.1, Copyright © 1999-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 436.140.1
      Load Address: 18446743524001612000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSCSIBlockCommandsDevice:

      Version: 436.140.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIBlockCommandsDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 436.140.1, Copyright © 1999-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOSCSIBlockCommandsDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 436.140.1
      Load Address: 18446743524001763000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSCSIMultimediaCommandsDevice:

      Version: 436.140.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIMultimediaCommandsDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 436.140.1, Copyright © 1999-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOSCSIMultimediaCommandsDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 436.140.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSCSIParallelFamily:

      Version: 3.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIParallelFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 3.0.0, Copyright 1998-2013 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSCSIParallelFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSCSIReducedBlockCommandsDevice:

      Version: 436.140.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIReducedBlockCommandsDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 436.140.1, Copyright © 1999-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOSCSIReducedBlockCommandsDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 436.140.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSMBusFamily:

      Version: 1.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSMBusFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSMBusFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.1
      Load Address: 18446743524002128000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSerialFamily:

      Version: 11
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: Copyright © 1997-2010 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. IOKit Serial Port Family
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSerialFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 11
      Load Address: 18446743524002136000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSkywalkFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSkywalkFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSkywalkFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743524002198000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSlaveProcessor:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOSlaveProcessor
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSlaveProcessor.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743524002394000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSlowAdaptiveClockingFamily:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSlowAdaptiveClockingFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSlowAdaptiveClockingFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743524002415000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOStorageFamily:

      Version: 2.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOStorageFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 2.1
      Load Address: 18446743524002427000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOStreamFamily:

      Version: 1.1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOStreamFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOStreamFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOStreamUserClient:

      Version: 1.1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOStreamUserClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOStreamFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOStreamUserClient.kext
      Kext Version: 1.1.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSurface:

      Version: 290.8.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSurface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSurface.kext
      Kext Version: 290.8.1
      Load Address: 18446743524002587000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOSystemManagement:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOSystemManagementFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: System Management Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/IOSystemManagement.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOTextEncryptionFamily:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.IOTextEncryptionFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOTextEncryptionFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOThunderboltFamily:

      Version: 9.3.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOThunderboltFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOThunderboltFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 9.3.2
      Load Address: 18446743524002726000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOTimeSyncFamily:

      Version: 985.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOTimeSyncFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: IOTimeSyncFamily 985.2, Copyright © 2010-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOTimeSyncFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 985.2
      Load Address: 18446743524003783000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBCompositeDriver:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.AppleUSBComposite
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBCompositeDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBDeviceFamily:

      Version: 2.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUSBDeviceFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBDeviceFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 2.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBFamily:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUSBFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Load Address: 18446743524003950000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBHIDDriver:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUSBHIDDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBHIDDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBHIDDriverPM:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUSBHIDDriverPM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBHIDDriverPM.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBHIDDriverSafeBoot:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.IOUSBHIDDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBHIDDriverSafeBoot.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBHostFamily:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUSBHostFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524004635000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBHostHIDDevice:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.IOUSBHostHIDDevice
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBHostHIDDevice.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Load Address: 18446743524007035000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBHostHIDDeviceSafeBoot:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.usb.IOUSBHostHIDDeviceSafeBoot
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBHostHIDDeviceSafeBoot.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBMassStorageDriver:

      Version: 184.140.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 184.140.2, Copyright © 2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBMassStorageDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 184.140.2
      Load Address: 18446743524007084000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUSBUserClient:

      Version: 900.4.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUSBUserClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 900.4.2, Copyright © 2000-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBUserClient.kext
      Kext Version: 900.4.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUserEthernet:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOUserEthernet
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUserEthernet.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1
      Load Address: 18446743522261910000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOUserSerial:

      Version: 6.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.driverkit.serial
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUserSerial.kext
      Kext Version: 6.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOVideoDeviceUserClient:

      Version: 1.2.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOVideoDeviceUserClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOVideoFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOVideoDeviceUserClient.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOVideoFamily:

      Version: 1.2.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.IOVideoFamily
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOVideoFamily.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    IOgPTPPlugin:

      Version: 985.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.plugin.IOgPTPPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: IOgPTPPlugin 985.2, Copyright © 2010-2021 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOTimeSyncFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOgPTPPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 985.2
      Load Address: 18446743522261205000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Intel82574L:

      Version: 2.7.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.Intel82574LEthernet
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright ©  2014 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/Intel82574L.kext
      Kext Version: 2.7.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    InvalidateHmac:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kec.InvalidateHmac
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2019-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/InvalidateHmac.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Kasan:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.kasan
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Kasan Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/Kasan.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    KernelRelayHost:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.KernelRelayHost
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/KernelRelayHost.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743524007231000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    KextAudit:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.private.KextAudit
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/KextAudit.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743524007310000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    L2TP:

      Version: 1.9
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nke.l2tp
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/L2TP.kext
      Kext Version: 1.9
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    LSI-FW-500:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.LSI_FW_500
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/LSI-FW-500.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Libkern:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.libkern
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Libkern Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/Libkern.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Libm:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kec.Libm
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/Libm.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743524007322000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    LightweightVolumeManager:

      Version: 1.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.LightweightVolumeManager
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/LightweightVolumeManager.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    MACFramework:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.dsep
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: MAC Framework Pseudoextension, SPARTA Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/MACFramework.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    MKE-LF-D211A:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.MKE_LF_D211A
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/MKE-LF-D211A.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    MKE-SR-8171:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.MKE_SR_8171
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/MKE-SR-8171.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Mach:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.mach
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Mach Kernel Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/Mach.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    NVDAGF100Hal:

      Version: 16.0.13
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nvidia.driver.NVDAGF100Hal
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: NVDAGF100Hal 16.0.13 
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/NVDAGF100Hal.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    NVDAGK100Hal:

      Version: 16.0.13
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nvidia.driver.NVDAGK100Hal
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: NVDAGK100Hal 16.0.13 
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/NVDAGK100Hal.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    NVDAResman:

      Version: 16.0.13
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nvidia.driver.NVDAResman
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: NVDAResman 16.0.13 
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/NVDAResman.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    NVDAStartup:

      Version: 16.0.13
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nvidia.NVDAStartup
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: NVDAStartup 16.0.13 
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/NVDAStartup.kext
      Kext Version: 16.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    NVSMU:

      Version: 2.2.9
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.NVSMU
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/NVSMU.kext
      Kext Version: 2.2.9
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    OSvKernDSPLib:

      Version: 529
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.OSvKernDSPLib
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/OSvKernDSPLib.kext
      Kext Version: 529
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    OxfordSemiconductor:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.Oxford_Semi
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/OxfordSemiconductor.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    PPP:

      Version: 1.9
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nke.ppp
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/PPP.kext
      Kext Version: 1.9
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    PPPoE:

      Version: 1.9
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nke.pppoe
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/PPPoE.kext
      Kext Version: 1.9
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    PioneerSuperDrive:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.PioneerSuperDrive
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2003-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/PioneerSuperDrive.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    PlasmonUDO:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.PlasmonUDO
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2008-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/PlasmonUDO.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Private:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.private
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Private Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/Private.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    PromiseSTEX:

      Version: 6.2.13
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.promise.driver.stex
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Version: 6.2.13, Copyright (c) 2010-2019 Promise Technology, Inc.
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/PromiseSTEX.kext
      Kext Version: 6.2.13
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Promise Technology Mobile Apps (268CCUR4WN), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    QPSQueFire:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.QPSQueFire
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/QPSQueFire.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Quarantine:

      Version: 4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.security.quarantine
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/Quarantine.kext
      Kext Version: 4
      Load Address: 18446743524007490000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    RTBuddy:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.RTBuddy
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2014-2017 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/RTBuddy.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    SCSIDeviceSpecifics:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.SCSIDeviceSpecifics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2002-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/SCSIDeviceSpecifics.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    SCSITaskUserClient:

      Version: 436.140.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.iokit.SCSITaskUserClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 436.140.1, Copyright © 1999-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/SCSITaskUserClient.kext
      Kext Version: 436.140.1
      Load Address: 18446743524002017000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    SEPHibernation:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.SEPHibernation
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Unknown
      Architectures: arm64e
      64-Bit (Intel): No
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/SEPHibernation.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    SMCMotionSensor:

      Version: 3.0.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.SMCMotionSensor
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/SMCMotionSensor.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.4d1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Sandbox:

      Version: 300.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.security.sandbox
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/Sandbox.kext
      Kext Version: 300.0
      Load Address: 18446743524007526000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    SanyoIDShot:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.SanyoIDShot
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2004-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/SanyoIDShot.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    SoftRAID:

      Version: 6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.softraid.driver.SoftRAID
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: SoftRAID version 6.0, Copyright © 2002-19 Other World Computing, Inc.  All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /Library/Extensions/SoftRAID.kext
      Kext Version: 6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Other World Computing (Q9P8K45M5C), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    SonyXDCAMDriver:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.Sony_XDCAM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/SonyXDCAMDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    StorageLynx:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.StorageLynx
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/StorageLynx.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    System:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kernel
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: System Resource Pseudoextension, Apple Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    TSNCaptureInterface:

      Version: 985.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.audio.TSNCaptureInterface
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOTimeSyncFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/TSNCaptureInterface.kext
      Kext Version: 985.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    USBStorageDeviceSpecifics:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.USBStorageDeviceSpecifics
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/USBStorageDeviceSpecifics.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    Unsupported:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kpi.unsupported
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: Unsupported Pseudoextension, Apple Computer Inc, 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/System.kext/PlugIns/Unsupported.kext
      Kext Version: 20.6.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    VMPlatformPlugin:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.VMPlatformPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPlatformPluginFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/VMPlatformPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    WriteProtectedMediaDriver:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.WriteProtectedMediaDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 1999-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/WriteProtectedMediaDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    X86PlatformPlugin:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.X86PlatformPlugin
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPlatformPluginFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/X86PlatformPlugin.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743522260992000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    X86PlatformShim:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.X86PlatformShim
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IOPlatformPluginFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/X86PlatformShim.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.0
      Load Address: 18446743522261078000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    acfs:

      Version: 589
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.acfs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 589 (6.0.5), Copyright © 2005-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/acfs.kext
      Kext Version: 589
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    acfsctl:

      Version: 589
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.acfsctl
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 589 (6.0.5), Copyright © 2005-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/acfsctl.kext
      Kext Version: 589
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    afpfs:

      Version: 11.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.afpfs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/afpfs.kext
      Kext Version: 11.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    apfs:

      Version: 1677.141.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.apfs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/apfs.kext
      Kext Version: 1677.141.2
      Load Address: 18446743524007920000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    asp_tcp:

      Version: 8.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nke.asp_tcp
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/asp_tcp.kext
      Kext Version: 8.2
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    autofs:

      Version: 5.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.autofs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/autofs.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0
      Load Address: 18446743522270245000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    cd9660:

      Version: 1.4.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.cd9660
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 1.4.4, Copyright © 1999-2012 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/cd9660.kext
      Kext Version: 1.4.4
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    cddafs:

      Version: 2.6.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.cddafs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 2.6.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2014
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/cddafs.kext
      Kext Version: 2.6.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit-Apple16X50PCI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit-Apple16X50PCI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit-Apple16X50PCI.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit-AppleEthernetE1000:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit-AppleEthernetE1000
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit-AppleEthernetE1000.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBCHCOM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBCHCOM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBCHCOM.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBFTDI:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBFTDI
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBFTDI.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBPLCOM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBPLCOM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBPLCOM.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBSLCOM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBSLCOM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBSLCOM.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBSerial:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBSerial
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit-AppleUSBSerial.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserECM:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserECM
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserECM.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserECMData:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserECMData
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserECMData.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserEthernetASIX:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserEthernetASIX
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Location: /System/Library/DriverExtensions/com.apple.DriverKit.AppleUserEthernetASIX.dext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    corecapture:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.corecapture
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/corecapture.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.4
      Load Address: 18446743524009472000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    corecrypto:

      Version: 11.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kec.corecrypto
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/corecrypto.kext
      Kext Version: 11.1
      Load Address: 18446743524009611000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    eficheck:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.eficheck
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/eficheck.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    exfat:

      Version: 1.4
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.exfat
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Get Info String: 1.4, Copyright Apple Inc. 2009-2012
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/exfat.kext
      Kext Version: 1.4
      Load Address: 18446743522270351000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    iPodDriver:

      Version: 1.7.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.iPodDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: iPod Driver 1.7.0, Copyright 2001-2012 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/iPodDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 1.7.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    iPodSBCDriver:

      Version: 1.7.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.iPodSBCDriver
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: iPod Driver 1.7.0, Copyright 2001-2012 Apple Inc.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/iPodDriver.kext/Contents/PlugIns/iPodSBCDriver.kext
      Kext Version: 1.7.0
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    initioFWBridge:

      Version: 511.141.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.initioFWBridge
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 511.141.1, Copyright Apple Inc. 2000-2016
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/initioFWBridge.kext
      Kext Version: 511.141.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    mDNSOffloadUserClient:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.mDNSOffloadUserClient
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/IONetworkingFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/mDNSOffloadUserClient.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0.1b8
      Load Address: 18446743524001341000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    mcxalr:

      Version: 8.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.mcx.alr
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/mcxalr.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    msdosfs:

      Version: 1.10
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.msdosfs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/msdosfs.kext
      Kext Version: 1.10
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    ntfs:

      Version: 3.14.3
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.ntfs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: 3.14.3, Copyright © 2002-2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/ntfs.kext
      Kext Version: 3.14.3
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    pmtelemetry:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.pmtelemetry
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Intel
      Architectures: x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/pmtelemetry.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743522270925000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    pthread:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kec.pthread
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/pthread.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743524010250000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    smbfs:

      Version: 3.6.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.smbfs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/smbfs.kext
      Kext Version: 3.6.1
      Load Address: 18446743522271035000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    tmpfs:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.tmpfs
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/tmpfs.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743524010291000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    triggers:

      Version: 3.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.kext.triggers
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/triggers.kext
      Kext Version: 1.0
      Load Address: 18446743522271547000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    udf:

      Version: 2.5
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.udf
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Get Info String: UDF File System Extension
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/udf.kext
      Kext Version: 2.5
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    vecLib:

      Version: 1.2
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.vecLib.kext
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/vecLib.kext
      Kext Version: 1.2.0
      Load Address: 18446743522271790000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    watchdog:

      Version: 1.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.driver.watchdog
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/watchdog.kext
      Kext Version: 1
      Load Address: 18446743524010344000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    webcontentfilter:

      Version: 4.0
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.nke.webcontentfilter
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: Yes
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/webcontentfilter.kext
      Kext Version: 5
      Load Address: 18446743522272485000
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

    webdav_fs:

      Version: 3.0.1
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Bundle ID: com.apple.filesystems.webdav
      Notarized: Yes
      Loaded: No
      Obtained from: Apple
      Kind: Universal
      Architectures: arm64e, x86_64
      64-Bit (Intel): Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Extensions/webdav_fs.kext
      Kext Version: 3.0.1
      Loadable: Yes
      Dependencies: Satisfied
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA

Firewall:

    Firewall Settings:

      Mode: Allow all incoming connections
      Firewall Logging: Yes
      Stealth Mode: No

Fonts:

    Times New Roman Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Times New Roman Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT:
          Full Name: Times New Roman Bold
          Family: Times New Roman
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.01.3x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Times New Roman Bold:Version 5.01 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Stanley Morison, Victor Lardent 1932
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Times New Roman is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Braille Pinpoint 8 Dot.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Braille Pinpoint 8 Dot.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleBraille-Pinpoint8Dot:
          Full Name: Apple Braille Pinpoint 8 Dot
          Family: Apple Braille
          Style: Pinpoint 8 Dot
          Version: 13.0d2e27
          Unique Name: Apple Braille Pinpoint 8 Dot; 13.0d2e27; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: © Copyright 2007 by Apple, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizFiveSymReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizFiveSymReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeFiveSym-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXSizeFiveSym-Regular
          Family: STIXSizeFiveSym
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeFiveSym-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Georgia Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Georgia Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Georgia-Bold:
          Full Name: Georgia Bold
          Family: Georgia
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.00x-4
          Vendor: Carter & Cone
          Unique Name: Georgia Bold; Version 5.00x-4; 2011-10-24
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Georgia is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Bradley Hand Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Bradley Hand Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        BradleyHandITCTT-Bold:
          Full Name: Bradley Hand Bold
          Family: Bradley Hand
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d0e1
          Unique Name: Bradley Hand Bold; 14.0d0e1; 2017-11-14
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    GujaratiMT.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/GujaratiMT.ttc
      Typefaces:
        GujaratiMT-Bold:
          Full Name: Gujarati MT Bold
          Family: Gujarati MT
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Gujarati MT Bold; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-18
          Copyright: Copyright © Monotype Typography Ltd 1994 . All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Monotype Gujarati is a Trademark of Monotype Typography Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GujaratiMT:
          Full Name: Gujarati MT
          Family: Gujarati MT
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Gujarati MT; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-18
          Copyright: Copyright © Monotype Typography Ltd 1996 . All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Monotype Gujarati is a Trademark of Monotype Typography Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Academy Engraved LET Fonts.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Academy Engraved LET Fonts.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AcademyEngravedLetPlain:
          Full Name: Academy Engraved LET Plain:1.0
          Family: Academy Engraved LET
          Style: Plain
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Academy Engraved LET Plain:1.0; 16.0d1e1; 2020-08-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1990 Esselte Letraset, Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NewYorkItalic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/NewYorkItalic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .NewYork-RegularItalic:
          Full Name: .New York Regular Italic
          Family: .New York
          Style: Regular Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York Italic; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: .New York Medium Italic
          Family: .New York
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York Italic; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-SemiboldItalic:
          Full Name: .New York Semibold Italic
          Family: .New York
          Style: Semibold Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York Italic; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: .New York Bold Italic
          Family: .New York
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York Italic; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-HeavyItalic:
          Full Name: .New York Heavy Italic
          Family: .New York
          Style: Heavy Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York Italic; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-BlackItalic:
          Full Name: .New York Black Italic
          Family: .New York
          Style: Black Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York Italic; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    PingFang.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/PingFang.ttc
      Typefaces:
        PingFangSC-Medium:
          Full Name: PingFang SC Medium
          Family: PingFang SC
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang SC Medium; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangTC-Semibold:
          Full Name: PingFang TC Semibold
          Family: PingFang TC
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang TC Semibold; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangTC-Thin:
          Full Name: PingFang TC Thin
          Family: PingFang TC
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang TC Thin; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangSC-Ultralight:
          Full Name: PingFang SC Ultralight
          Family: PingFang SC
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang SC Ultralight; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangTC-Light:
          Full Name: PingFang TC Light
          Family: PingFang TC
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang TC Light; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangSC-Thin:
          Full Name: PingFang SC Thin
          Family: PingFang SC
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang SC Thin; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangSC-Light:
          Full Name: PingFang SC Light
          Family: PingFang SC
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang SC Light; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangHK-Light:
          Full Name: PingFang HK Light
          Family: PingFang HK
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang HK Light; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangSC-Regular:
          Full Name: PingFang SC Regular
          Family: PingFang SC
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang SC Regular; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangHK-Thin:
          Full Name: PingFang HK Thin
          Family: PingFang HK
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang HK Thin; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangTC-Regular:
          Full Name: PingFang TC Regular
          Family: PingFang TC
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang TC Regular; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangTC-Medium:
          Full Name: PingFang TC Medium
          Family: PingFang TC
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang TC Medium; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangHK-Ultralight:
          Full Name: PingFang HK Ultralight
          Family: PingFang HK
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang HK Ultralight; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangHK-Semibold:
          Full Name: PingFang HK Semibold
          Family: PingFang HK
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang HK Semibold; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangHK-Regular:
          Full Name: PingFang HK Regular
          Family: PingFang HK
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang HK Regular; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangHK-Medium:
          Full Name: PingFang HK Medium
          Family: PingFang HK
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang HK Medium; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangTC-Ultralight:
          Full Name: PingFang TC Ultralight
          Family: PingFang TC
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang TC Ultralight; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PingFangSC-Semibold:
          Full Name: PingFang SC Semibold
          Family: PingFang SC
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Vendor: DynaComware Shanghai Limited; DynaComware Hong Kong Limited; DynaComware Taiwan Inc.
          Unique Name: PingFang SC Semibold; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 DynaComware. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PingFang is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Designed by DynaComware & Apple.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangHK-Regular:
          Full Name: .PingFang HK Regular
          Family: .PingFang HK
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang HK Regular; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangHK-Medium:
          Full Name: .PingFang HK Medium
          Family: .PingFang HK
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang HK Medium; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangHK-Light:
          Full Name: .PingFang HK Light
          Family: .PingFang HK
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang HK Light; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangHK-Thin:
          Full Name: .PingFang HK Thin
          Family: .PingFang HK
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang HK Thin; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangHK-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .PingFang HK Ultralight
          Family: .PingFang HK
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang HK Ultralight; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangHK-Semibold:
          Full Name: .PingFang HK Semibold
          Family: .PingFang HK
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang HK Semibold; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangSC-Regular:
          Full Name: .PingFang SC Regular
          Family: .PingFang SC
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang SC Regular; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangSC-Medium:
          Full Name: .PingFang SC Medium
          Family: .PingFang SC
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang SC Medium; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangSC-Light:
          Full Name: .PingFang SC Light
          Family: .PingFang SC
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang SC Light; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangSC-Thin:
          Full Name: .PingFang SC Thin
          Family: .PingFang SC
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang SC Thin; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangSC-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .PingFang SC Ultralight
          Family: .PingFang SC
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang SC Ultralight; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangSC-Semibold:
          Full Name: .PingFang SC Semibold
          Family: .PingFang SC
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang SC Semibold; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangTC-Regular:
          Full Name: .PingFang TC Regular
          Family: .PingFang TC
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang TC Regular; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangTC-Medium:
          Full Name: .PingFang TC Medium
          Family: .PingFang TC
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang TC Medium; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangTC-Light:
          Full Name: .PingFang TC Light
          Family: .PingFang TC
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang TC Light; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangTC-Thin:
          Full Name: .PingFang TC Thin
          Family: .PingFang TC
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang TC Thin; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangTC-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .PingFang TC Ultralight
          Family: .PingFang TC
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang TC Ultralight; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .PingFangTC-Semibold:
          Full Name: .PingFang TC Semibold
          Family: .PingFang TC
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.d4e0
          Unique Name: .PingFang TC Semibold; 16.d4e0; 2020-02-18
          Copyright: Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Brush Script.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Brush Script.ttf
      Typefaces:
        BrushScriptMT:
          Full Name: Brush Script MT Italic
          Family: Brush Script MT
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 1.52x-1
          Unique Name: Brush Script MT Italic; 8.0d1e1; 2011-11-13
          Copyright: Copyright © 1993 , Monotype Typography ltd.
          Trademark: Brush Script is a Trademark of Monotype Typography ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntUpDReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntUpDReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsUpD-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsUpD-Regular
          Family: STIXIntegralsUpD
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsUpD-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizThreeSymReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizThreeSymReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeThreeSym-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXSizeThreeSym-Regular
          Family: STIXSizeThreeSym
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeThreeSym-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    AquaKana.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/AquaKana.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AquaKana:
          Full Name: .Aqua Kana
          Family: .Aqua Kana
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Vendor: DAINIPPON SCREEN MFG. CO., LTD.
          Unique Name: .Aqua Kana; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-02
          Designer: JIYU-KOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2001-2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Aqua Kana is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AquaKana-Bold:
          Full Name: .Aqua Kana Bold
          Family: .Aqua Kana
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Vendor: DAINIPPON SCREEN MFG. CO., LTD.
          Unique Name: .Aqua Kana Bold; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-02
          Designer: JIYU-KOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2001-2011 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Aqua Kana is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Optima.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Optima.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Optima-Italic:
          Full Name: Optima Italic
          Family: Optima
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Optima Italic; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Optima is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c)  2000, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved. This software is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Optima-ExtraBlack:
          Full Name: Optima ExtraBlack
          Family: Optima
          Style: ExtraBlack
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Optima ExtraBlack; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Optima is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c) 2000, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved. This software is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Optima-Regular:
          Full Name: Optima Regular
          Family: Optima
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Optima Regular; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Optima is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c)  2000, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved. This software is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Optima-Bold:
          Full Name: Optima Bold
          Family: Optima
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Optima Bold; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Optima is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c)  2000, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved. This software is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Optima-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Optima Bold Italic
          Family: Optima
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Optima Bold Italic; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Optima is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c)  2000, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved. This software is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ明朝 ProN.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ明朝 ProN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraMinProN-W3:
          Full Name: Hiragino Mincho ProN W3
          Family: Hiragino Mincho ProN
          Style: W3
          Version: 15.0d1e2
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Mincho ProN W3; 15.0d1e2; 2019-06-03
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.21, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Hiragino is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HiraMinProN-W6:
          Full Name: Hiragino Mincho ProN W6
          Family: Hiragino Mincho ProN
          Style: W6
          Version: 15.0d1e2
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Mincho ProN W6; 15.0d1e2; 2019-06-03
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Hiragino is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Rounded Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Rounded Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ArialRoundedMTBold:
          Full Name: Arial Rounded MT Bold
          Family: Arial Rounded MT Bold
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.51x
          Unique Name: Arial Rounded MT Bold
          Copyright: Copyright © 1993 , Monotype Typography ltd.
          Trademark: Arial ® Trademark of Monotype Typography ltd registered in the US Pat & TM.and elsewhere.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    AppleMyungjo.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/AppleMyungjo.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleMyungjo:
          Full Name: AppleMyungjo Regular
          Family: AppleMyungjo
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: AppleMyungjo Regular; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1994-2007 Apple, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: AppleMyungjo is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NewYork.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/NewYork.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .NewYork-Regular:
          Full Name: .New York Regular
          Family: .New York
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-Medium:
          Full Name: .New York Medium
          Family: .New York
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-Semibold:
          Full Name: .New York Semibold
          Family: .New York
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-Bold:
          Full Name: .New York Bold
          Family: .New York
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-Heavy:
          Full Name: .New York Heavy
          Family: .New York
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NewYork-Black:
          Full Name: .New York Black
          Family: .New York
          Style: Black
          Version: 16.0d2e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .New York; 16.0d2e2; 2020-07-28
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: .New York is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Al Nile.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Al Nile.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AlNile:
          Full Name: Al Nile
          Family: Al Nile
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e2
          Unique Name: Al Nile; 13.0d2e2; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 1993 Diwan Science and information Technology.  All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AlNile-Bold:
          Full Name: Al Nile Bold
          Family: Al Nile
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e2
          Unique Name: Al Nile Bold; 13.0d2e2; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 1993 Diwan Science and information Technology.  All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AlNilePUA:
          Full Name: .Al Nile PUA
          Family: .Al Nile PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e2
          Unique Name: .Al Nile PUA; 13.0d2e2; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 1993 Diwan Science and information Technology.  All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AlNilePUA-Bold:
          Full Name: .Al Nile PUA Bold
          Family: .Al Nile PUA
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e2
          Unique Name: .Al Nile PUA Bold; 13.0d2e2; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 1993 Diwan Science and information Technology.  All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Georgia Bold Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Georgia Bold Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Georgia-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Georgia Bold Italic
          Family: Georgia
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 5.00x-4
          Vendor: Carter & Cone
          Unique Name: Georgia Bold Italic; Version 5.00x-4; 2011-10-24
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Georgia is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntUpSmBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntUpSmBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsUpSm-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsUpSm-Bold
          Family: STIXIntegralsUpSm
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsUpSm-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    LastResort.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/LastResort.otf
      Typefaces:
        LastResort:
          Full Name: .LastResort
          Family: .LastResort
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Computer, Inc.
          Unique Name: .LastResort; 13.0d1e2; 2017-07-21
          Designer: Original design by Apple Computer 1998; Block additions by Michael Everson 2001-2006
          Copyright: © 1998-2008 Apple Inc. Block additions by Michael Everson
          Description: The LastResort font is used by the operating system to display Unicode data when no other font can be found. Glyphs correspond to Unicode blocks. The block name and hex range values can be viewed around the border of the glyph at large sizes.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Noteworthy.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Noteworthy.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Noteworthy-Bold:
          Full Name: Noteworthy Bold
          Family: Noteworthy
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e11
          Unique Name: Noteworthy Bold; 13.0d1e11; 2017-06-30
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Noteworthy-Light:
          Full Name: Noteworthy Light
          Family: Noteworthy
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e11
          Unique Name: Noteworthy Light; 13.0d1e11; 2017-06-30
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXNonUniBolIta.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXNonUniBolIta.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXNonUnicode-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: STIXNonUnicode-BoldItalic
          Family: STIXNonUnicode
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXNonUnicode-BoldItalic:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Oriya MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Oriya MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        OriyaMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Oriya MN Bold
          Family: Oriya MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e6
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Oriya MN Bold; 14.0d1e6; 2018-02-24
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Oriya MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        OriyaMN:
          Full Name: Oriya MN
          Family: Oriya MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e6
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Oriya MN; 14.0d1e6; 2018-02-24
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Oriya MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXGeneral.otf:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXGeneral.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXGeneral-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXGeneral-Regular
          Family: STIXGeneral
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXGeneral-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntDReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntDReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsD-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsD-Regular
          Family: STIXIntegralsD
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsD-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXNonUniIta.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXNonUniIta.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXNonUnicode-Italic:
          Full Name: STIXNonUnicode-Italic
          Family: STIXNonUnicode
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXNonUnicode-Italic:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Gurmukhi.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Gurmukhi.ttf
      Typefaces:
        MonotypeGurmukhi:
          Full Name: Gurmukhi MT
          Family: Gurmukhi MT
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Gurmukhi MT; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-18
          Copyright: Copyright © Monotype Typography Ltd. 1996. All Rights reserved.
          Trademark: Monotype Gurmukhi is a Trademark of Monotype Typography Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W3.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W3.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W3:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W3
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W3
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W3; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.21, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W3:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W3
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W3
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W3; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.21, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXVarBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXVarBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXVariants-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXVariants-Bold
          Family: STIXVariants
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXVariants-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    PTMono.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/PTMono.ttc
      Typefaces:
        PTMono-Regular:
          Full Name: PT Mono
          Family: PT Mono
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e4
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Mono; 13.0d2e4; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, I.Chaeva
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Inc., ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Mono is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Mono -- is a monospaced font of the PT Project series. First families PT Sans and PT Serif were released in 2009 and 2010. PT Mono was developed  for the special needs -- for use in forms, tables, work sheets etc. Equal widths of characters are very helpful in setting complex documents, with such font you may easily calculate size of entry fields, column widths in tables and so on. One of the most important area of use is Web sites of "electronic governments" where visitors have to fill different request forms. Designer Alexandra Korolkova with a participation of Bella Chaeva. Released by ParaType in 2011.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTMono-Bold:
          Full Name: PT Mono Bold
          Family: PT Mono
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e4
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Mono Bold; 13.0d2e4; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, I.Chaeva
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Inc., ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Mono is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Mono -- is a monospaced font of the PT Project series. First families PT Sans and PT Serif were released in 2009 and 2010. PT Mono was developed  for the special needs -- for use in forms, tables, work sheets etc. Equal widths of characters are very helpful in setting complex documents, with such font you may easily calculate size of entry fields, column widths in tables and so on. One of the most important area of use is Web sites of "electronic governments" where visitors have to fill different request forms. Designer Alexandra Korolkova with a participation of Bella Chaeva. Released by ParaType in 2011.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizThreeSymBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizThreeSymBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeThreeSym-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXSizeThreeSym-Bold
          Family: STIXSizeThreeSym
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeThreeSym-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Tamil MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Tamil MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        TamilMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Tamil MN Bold
          Family: Tamil MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Tamil MN Bold; 14.0d1e7; 2018-02-23
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Tamil MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        TamilMN:
          Full Name: Tamil MN
          Family: Tamil MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Tamil MN; 14.0d1e7; 2018-02-23
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Tamil MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Avenir.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Avenir.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Avenir-Book:
          Full Name: Avenir Book
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Book
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Book; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-Heavy:
          Full Name: Avenir Heavy
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Heavy; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-HeavyOblique:
          Full Name: Avenir Heavy Oblique
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Heavy Oblique
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Heavy Oblique; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-Medium:
          Full Name: Avenir Medium
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Medium; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-Roman:
          Full Name: Avenir Roman
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Roman
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Roman; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-BlackOblique:
          Full Name: Avenir Black Oblique
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Black Oblique
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Black Oblique; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-Black:
          Full Name: Avenir Black
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Black
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Black; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-BookOblique:
          Full Name: Avenir Book Oblique
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Book Oblique
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Book Oblique; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-Light:
          Full Name: Avenir Light
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Light; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-Oblique:
          Full Name: Avenir Oblique
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Oblique
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Oblique; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-LightOblique:
          Full Name: Avenir Light Oblique
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Light Oblique
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Light Oblique; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH  Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. 
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Avenir-MediumOblique:
          Full Name: Avenir Medium Oblique
          Family: Avenir
          Style: Medium Oblique
          Version: 13.0d3e1
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Medium Oblique; 13.0d3e1; 2017-06-26
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger
          Copyright: Copyright© 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Wingdings 3.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Wingdings 3.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Wingdings3:
          Full Name: Wingdings 3
          Family: Wingdings 3
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.55x
          Unique Name: Wingdings 3
          Copyright: Wingdings 3 designed by Bigelow & Holmes Inc. for Microsoft Corporation. Copyright © 1992 Microsoft Corporation. Pat. pend. All Rights Reserved. © 1990-1991 Type Solutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Wingdings is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    DIN Alternate Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/DIN Alternate Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        DINAlternate-Bold:
          Full Name: DIN Alternate Bold
          Family: DIN Alternate
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Unique Name: DIN Alternate Bold; 13.0d3e2; 2017-11-30
          Designer: H. Berthold AG
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1988, 1991, 2003 Linotype Library GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: DINSchrift
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Webdings.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Webdings.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Webdings:
          Full Name: Webdings
          Family: Webdings
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor:  Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Webdings
          Designer: V.Connare,S.Lightfoot,I.Patterson,G.Wade
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Webdings is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Description: Designed in 1997 as a collaborative work between Microsoft's Vincent Connare and  top Monotype designers Sue Lightfoot, Ian Patterson and Geraldine Wade. The images are intended for web designers who wish to include live fonts as a fast way of rendering graphics. Webdings is the latest member of Microsoft's Webfonts. Design coordination by Vincent Connare. Image designs by Vincent Connare, Ian Patterson, Sue Lightfoot and Geraldine Wade. Web and design consultation by Simon Daniels. TrueType hinting by Vincent Connare. Completed April 29, 1997.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    PTSerifCaption.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/PTSerifCaption.ttc
      Typefaces:
        PTSerif-Caption:
          Full Name: PT Serif Caption
          Family: PT Serif Caption
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Serif Caption; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Serif is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Serif is a universal type family designed for use together with PT Sans released earlier. PT Serif coordinates with PT Sans on metrics, proportions, weights and design. It consists of six styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two caption styles (regular and italic) are for texts of small point sizes. The letterforms are distinguished by large x-height, modest stroke contrast, robust wedge-like serifs, and triangular terminals. Due to these features the face can be qualified as matched to modern trends of type design and of enhanced legibility. Mentioned characteristics beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff make the fonts quite useable for advertising and display typography.
Each font next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contains alphabet glyphs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2010 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design -- Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSerif-CaptionItalic:
          Full Name: PT Serif Caption Italic
          Family: PT Serif Caption
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Serif Caption Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Serif is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Serif is a universal type family designed for use together with PT Sans released earlier. PT Serif coordinates with PT Sans on metrics, proportions, weights and design. It consists of six styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two caption styles (regular and italic) are for texts of small point sizes. The letterforms are distinguished by large x-height, modest stroke contrast, robust wedge-like serifs, and triangular terminals. Due to these features the face can be qualified as matched to modern trends of type design and of enhanced legibility. Mentioned characteristics beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff make the fonts quite useable for advertising and display typography.
Each font next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contains alphabet glyphs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2010 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design -- Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFCompact.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFCompact.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .SFCompact-Regular:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Medium:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Light:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Thin:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Semibold:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Bold:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Heavy:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-Black:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Black
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Black
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Diwan Thuluth.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Diwan Thuluth.ttf
      Typefaces:
        DiwanThuluth:
          Full Name: Diwan Thuluth Regular
          Family: Diwan Thuluth
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e5
          Unique Name: Diwan Thuluth Regular; 13.0d1e5; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd. All rights reserved. Programmed by Anmar Sabeeh & Abu Hassan.
          Trademark: Diwan Thuluth
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Monaco.dfont:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Monaco.dfont
      Typefaces:
        Monaco:
          Full Name: Monaco
          Family: Monaco
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Monaco; 16.0d1e2; 2020-06-19
          Copyright: © 1990-2008 Apple Inc. © 1990-97 Type Solutions Inc. © 1990-97 The Font Bureau Inc.  TrueType outline design of Monaco typeface created by Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizTwoSymBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizTwoSymBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeTwoSym-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXSizeTwoSym-Bold
          Family: STIXSizeTwoSym
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeTwoSym-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    KohinoorBangla.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/KohinoorBangla.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KohinoorBangla-Bold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Bangla Bold
          Family: Kohinoor Bangla
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d2e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Bangla Bold; 14.0d2e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit, Jyotish Sonowal
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Bangla is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit and Jyotish Sonowal. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorBangla-Medium:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Bangla Medium
          Family: Kohinoor Bangla
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d2e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Bangla Medium; 14.0d2e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit, Jyotish Sonowal
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Bangla is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit and Jyotish Sonowal. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorBangla-Regular:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Bangla
          Family: Kohinoor Bangla
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d2e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Bangla; 14.0d2e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit, Jyotish Sonowal
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Bangla is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit and Jyotish Sonowal. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorBangla-Light:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Bangla Light
          Family: Kohinoor Bangla
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d2e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Bangla Light; 14.0d2e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit, Jyotish Sonowal
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Bangla is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit and Jyotish Sonowal. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorBangla-Semibold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Bangla Semibold
          Family: Kohinoor Bangla
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 14.0d2e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Bangla Semibold; 14.0d2e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit, Jyotish Sonowal
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Bangla is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit and Jyotish Sonowal. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Silom.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Silom.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Silom:
          Full Name: Silom
          Family: Silom
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Silom; 14.0d1e1; 2017-11-02
          Copyright: Copyright © 1992-2011 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    MuktaMahee.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/MuktaMahee.ttc
      Typefaces:
        MuktaMahee-Bold:
          Full Name: MuktaMahee Bold
          Family: Mukta Mahee
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e18
          Vendor: Ek Type
          Unique Name: MuktaMahee Bold; 14.0d1e18; 2018-11-26
          Designer: Shuchita Grover, Noopur Datye, Girish Dalvi, Yashodeep Gholap
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017, Ek Type. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MuktaMahee-Regular:
          Full Name: MuktaMahee Regular
          Family: Mukta Mahee
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e18
          Vendor: Ek Type
          Unique Name: MuktaMahee Regular; 14.0d1e18; 2018-11-26
          Designer: Shuchita Grover, Noopur Datye, Girish Dalvi, Yashodeep Gholap
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017, Ek Type. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MuktaMahee-ExtraBold:
          Full Name: MuktaMahee ExtraBold
          Family: Mukta Mahee
          Style: ExtraBold
          Version: 14.0d1e18
          Vendor: Ek Type
          Unique Name: MuktaMahee ExtraBold; 14.0d1e18; 2018-11-26
          Designer: Shuchita Grover, Noopur Datye, Girish Dalvi, Yashodeep Gholap
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017, Ek Type. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MuktaMahee-Light:
          Full Name: MuktaMahee Light
          Family: Mukta Mahee
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d1e18
          Vendor: Ek Type
          Unique Name: MuktaMahee Light; 14.0d1e18; 2018-11-26
          Designer: Shuchita Grover, Noopur Datye, Girish Dalvi, Yashodeep Gholap
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017, Ek Type. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MuktaMahee-Medium:
          Full Name: MuktaMahee Medium
          Family: Mukta Mahee
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d1e18
          Vendor: Ek Type
          Unique Name: MuktaMahee Medium; 14.0d1e18; 2018-11-26
          Designer: Shuchita Grover, Noopur Datye, Girish Dalvi, Yashodeep Gholap
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017, Ek Type. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MuktaMahee-SemiBold:
          Full Name: MuktaMahee SemiBold
          Family: Mukta Mahee
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 14.0d1e18
          Vendor: Ek Type
          Unique Name: MuktaMahee SemiBold; 14.0d1e18; 2018-11-26
          Designer: Shuchita Grover, Noopur Datye, Girish Dalvi, Yashodeep Gholap
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017, Ek Type. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MuktaMahee-ExtraLight:
          Full Name: MuktaMahee ExtraLight
          Family: Mukta Mahee
          Style: ExtraLight
          Version: 14.0d1e18
          Vendor: Ek Type
          Unique Name: MuktaMahee ExtraLight; 14.0d1e18; 2018-11-26
          Designer: Shuchita Grover, Noopur Datye, Girish Dalvi, Yashodeep Gholap
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017, Ek Type. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizOneSymBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizOneSymBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeOneSym-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXSizeOneSym-Bold
          Family: STIXSizeOneSym
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeOneSym-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ChalkboardSE.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/ChalkboardSE.ttc
      Typefaces:
        ChalkboardSE-Bold:
          Full Name: Chalkboard SE Bold
          Family: Chalkboard SE
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Chalkboard SE Bold; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-16
          Copyright: Copyright 2003-10 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ChalkboardSE-Regular:
          Full Name: Chalkboard SE Regular
          Family: Chalkboard SE
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Chalkboard SE Regular; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-16
          Copyright: Copyright 2003-10 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ChalkboardSE-Light:
          Full Name: Chalkboard SE Light
          Family: Chalkboard SE
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Chalkboard SE Light; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-16
          Copyright: Copyright 2003-10 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Narrow Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Narrow Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ArialNarrow-Italic:
          Full Name: Arial Narrow Italic
          Family: Arial Narrow
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 2.38.1x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Arial Narrow Italic : 2007
          Designer: Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders
          Copyright: © 2007 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Description: Monotype Drawing Office 1982. A contemporary sans serif design, Arial contains more humanist characteristics than many of its predecessors and as such is more in tune with the mood of the last decades of the twentieth century. The overall treatment of curves is softer and fuller than in most industrial-style sans serif faces. Terminal strokes are cut on the diagonal which helps to give the face a less mechanical appearance. Arial is an extremely versatile family of typefaces which can be used with equal success for text setting in reports, presentations, magazines etc, and for display use in newspapers, advertising and promotions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    GillSans.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/GillSans.ttc
      Typefaces:
        GillSans-SemiBold:
          Full Name: Gill Sans SemiBold
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Gill Sans SemiBold; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Eric Gill
          Copyright: Copyright © 2012 The Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. This font software may not be reproduced, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of The Monotype Corporation.
          Trademark: "Gill Sans" is a registered trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans-Italic:
          Full Name: Gill Sans Italic
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: Italic
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Gill Sans Italic; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Eric Gill
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright The Monotype Corporation 1991-2001. All rights reserved. 
          Trademark: Gill Sans™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain jurisdictions
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans-UltraBold:
          Full Name: Gill Sans UltraBold
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: UltraBold
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Gill Sans UltraBold; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright © 1991-2001 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gill Sans™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation. Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain jurisdictions
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Gill Sans Bold Italic
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Gill Sans Bold Italic; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright © 1991-2001 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. 
          Trademark: Gill Sans™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation. Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain jurisdictions
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans:
          Full Name: Gill Sans
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Gill Sans; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Eric Gill
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright The Monotype Corporation 1991-2001. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gill Sans™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain jurisdictions
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans-Bold:
          Full Name: Gill Sans Bold
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Gill Sans Bold; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright © 1991-2001 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. 
          Trademark: Gill Sans™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation. Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain jurisdictions
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans-Light:
          Full Name: Gill Sans Light
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Gill Sans Light; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Eric Gill
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright The Monotype Corporation 1991-2001. All rights reserved. 
          Trademark: Gill Sans™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain jurisdictions
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans-SemiBoldItalic:
          Full Name: Gill Sans SemiBold Italic
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: SemiBold Italic
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Gill Sans SemiBold Italic; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Eric Gill
          Copyright: Copyright © 2012 The Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. This font software may not be reproduced, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of The Monotype Corporation.
          Trademark: "Gill Sans" is a registered trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GillSans-LightItalic:
          Full Name: Gill Sans Light Italic
          Family: Gill Sans
          Style: Light Italic
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Gill Sans Light Italic; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Eric Gill
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright The Monotype Corporation 1991-2001. All rights reserved. 
          Trademark: Gill Sans™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation Registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain jurisdictions
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SourceCodePro-Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /Library/Fonts/SourceCodePro-Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        SourceCodePro-Bold:
          Full Name: Source Code Pro Bold
          Family: Source Code Pro
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.010;PS Version 1.000;hotconv 1.0.70;makeotf.lib2.5.5900
          Vendor: Adobe Systems Incorporated
          Unique Name: 1.010;ADBE;SourceCodePro-Bold;ADOBE
          Designer: Paul D. Hunt
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Source is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Keyboard.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Keyboard.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .Keyboard:
          Full Name: .Keyboard
          Family: .Keyboard
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e4
          Unique Name: .Keyboard; 13.0d2e4; 2017-07-26
          Copyright: Copyright © 1995-2007 by Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Galvji.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Galvji.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Galvji-Oblique:
          Full Name: Galvji Oblique
          Family: Galvji
          Style: Oblique
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Galvji Oblique; 14.0d1e3; 2017-12-06
          Designer: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Galvji Oblique is a trademark of Apple Inc. and Michael Everson.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2014-2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Galvji:
          Full Name: Galvji
          Family: Galvji
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Galvji; 14.0d1e3; 2017-12-06
          Designer: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Galvji is a trademark of Apple Inc. and Michael Everson.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2014-2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Galvji-BoldOblique:
          Full Name: Galvji Bold Oblique
          Family: Galvji
          Style: Bold Oblique
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Galvji Bold Oblique; 14.0d1e3; 2017-12-06
          Designer: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Galvji Bold Oblique is a trademark of Apple Inc. and Michael Everson.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2014-2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Galvji-Bold:
          Full Name: Galvji Bold
          Family: Galvji
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Galvji Bold; 14.0d1e3; 2017-12-06
          Designer: Apple Inc. and Michael Everson
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Galvji Bold is a trademark of Apple Inc. and Michael Everson.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2014-2015 by Apple Inc. and Michael Everson. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Comic Sans MS.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Comic Sans MS.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ComicSansMS:
          Full Name: Comic Sans MS
          Family: Comic Sans MS
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Comic Sans
          Designer: Vincent Connare
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Description: Designed by Microsoft's Vincent Connare, this is a face based on the lettering from comic magazines. This casual but legible face has proved very popular with a wide variety of people.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    AppleGothic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/AppleGothic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleGothic:
          Full Name: AppleGothic Regular
          Family: AppleGothic
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: AppleGothic Regular; 13.0d1e3; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1994-2006 Apple Computer, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: AppleGothic is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizTwoSymReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizTwoSymReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeTwoSym-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXSizeTwoSym-Regular
          Family: STIXSizeTwoSym
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeTwoSym-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SourceCodePro-Semibold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /Library/Fonts/SourceCodePro-Semibold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        SourceCodePro-Semibold:
          Full Name: Source Code Pro Semibold
          Family: Source Code Pro
          Style: Semibold
          Version: Version 1.010;PS Version 1.000;hotconv 1.0.70;makeotf.lib2.5.5900
          Vendor: Adobe Systems Incorporated
          Unique Name: 1.010;ADBE;SourceCodePro-Semibold;ADOBE
          Designer: Paul D. Hunt
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Source is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Times New Roman Bold Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Times New Roman Bold Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT:
          Full Name: Times New Roman Bold Italic
          Family: Times New Roman
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 5.00.3x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Times New Roman Bold Italic:Version 5.00 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Stanley Morison, Victor Lardent 1932
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Times New Roman is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Symbol.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Symbol.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Symbol:
          Full Name: Symbol
          Family: Symbol
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e2
          Unique Name: Symbol; 13.0d2e2; 2017-06-09
          Copyright: © 1990-99 Apple Computer Inc. © 1990-91 Bitstream Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Tahoma Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Tahoma Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Tahoma-Bold:
          Full Name: Tahoma Bold
          Family: Tahoma
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.01.1x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Tahoma Bold
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Tahoma is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ArabicUIText.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ArabicUIText.ttc
      Typefaces:
        .ArabicUIText-Regular:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Text Regular
          Family: .Arabic UI Text
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Text Regular; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIText-Medium:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Text Medium
          Family: .Arabic UI Text
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Text Medium; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIText-Light:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Text Light
          Family: .Arabic UI Text
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Text Light; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIText-Semibold:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Text Semibold
          Family: .Arabic UI Text
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Text Semibold; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIText-Bold:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Text Bold
          Family: .Arabic UI Text
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Text Bold; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIText-Heavy:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Text Heavy
          Family: .Arabic UI Text
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Text Heavy; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFNSRounded.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFNSRounded.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .SFNSRounded-Regular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Regular
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-RegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-RegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-RegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-RegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Medium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Medium
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-MediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-MediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-MediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-MediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Light:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Light
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-LightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Light G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Light G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-LightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Light G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Light G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-LightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Light G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Light G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-LightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Light G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Light G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Thin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Thin
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-ThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-ThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-ThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-ThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded UltralightG1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: UltralightG1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded UltralightG2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: UltralightG2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded UltralightG3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: UltralightG3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded UltralightG4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: UltralightG4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Ultrathin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Ultrathin
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Ultrathin
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltrathinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Ultrathin G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Ultrathin G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltrathinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Ultrathin G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Ultrathin G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltrathinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Ultrathin G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Ultrathin G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-UltrathinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Ultrathin G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Ultrathin G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Semibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Semibold
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-SemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-SemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-SemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-SemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Bold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Bold
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-BoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-BoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-BoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-BoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Heavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Heavy
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-HeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-HeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-HeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-HeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSRounded-Black:
          Full Name: .SF NS Rounded Black
          Family: .SF NS Rounded
          Style: Black
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NotoSansMyanmar.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/NotoSansMyanmar.ttc
      Typefaces:
        NotoSansMyanmar-Thin:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Thin
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: Thin
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Thin; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-Black:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Black
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: Black
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Black; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-Regular:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Regular
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Regular; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-Bold:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Bold
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Bold; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-Light:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Light
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Light; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-Medium:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Medium
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar Medium; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-SemiBold:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar SemiBold
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar SemiBold; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-ExtraBold:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar ExtraBold
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: ExtraBold
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar ExtraBold; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansMyanmar-ExtraLight:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Myanmar ExtraLight
          Family: Noto Sans Myanmar
          Style: ExtraLight
          Version: 14.0d4e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Myanmar ExtraLight; 14.0d4e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Comic Sans MS Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Comic Sans MS Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ComicSansMS-Bold:
          Full Name: Comic Sans MS Bold
          Family: Comic Sans MS
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Comic Sans Bold
          Designer: Vincent Connare
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Description: Designed by Microsoft's Vincent Connare, this is a face based on the lettering from comic magazines. This casual but legible face has proved very popular with a wide variety of people.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    KohinoorGujarati.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/KohinoorGujarati.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KohinoorGujarati-Light:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Light
          Family: Kohinoor Gujarati
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d2e16
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Light; 14.0d2e16; 2018-11-24
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2014, 2016 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of the Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Gujarati is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorGujarati-Bold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Bold
          Family: Kohinoor Gujarati
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d2e16
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Bold; 14.0d2e16; 2018-11-24
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2014, 2016 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of the Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Gujarati is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorGujarati-Medium:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Medium
          Family: Kohinoor Gujarati
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d2e16
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Medium; 14.0d2e16; 2018-11-24
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2014, 2016 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of the Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Gujarati is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorGujarati-Semibold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Semibold
          Family: Kohinoor Gujarati
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 14.0d2e16
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Semibold; 14.0d2e16; 2018-11-24
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2014, 2016 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of the Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Gujarati is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorGujarati-Regular:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Regular
          Family: Kohinoor Gujarati
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d2e16
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Gujarati Regular; 14.0d2e16; 2018-11-24
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2014, 2016 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of the Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Gujarati is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Impact.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Impact.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Impact:
          Full Name: Impact
          Family: Impact
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Impact - 1992
          Designer: Geoffrey Lee
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Impact is a trademark of Stephenson Blake (Holdings) Ltd.
          Description: 1965. Designed for the Stephenson Blake type foundry. A very heavy, narrow, sans serif face intended for use in newspapers, for headlines and in advertisements. Aptly named, this face has a very large "x" height with short ascenders and descenders.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Times New Roman.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Times New Roman.ttf
      Typefaces:
        TimesNewRomanPSMT:
          Full Name: Times New Roman
          Family: Times New Roman
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.01.3x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Times New Roman Regular:Version 5.01 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Stanley Morison, Victor Lardent 1932
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Times New Roman is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W1.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W1.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W1:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W1
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W1
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W1; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W1:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W1
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W1
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W1; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Songti.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Songti.ttc
      Typefaces:
        STSongti-SC-Black:
          Full Name: Songti SC Black
          Family: Songti SC
          Style: Black
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: Songti SC Black; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: © 1991-1998, 2012 Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STSongti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STSongti-SC-Light:
          Full Name: Songti SC Light
          Family: Songti SC
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: Songti SC Light; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: © 1991-2001, Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STSongti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STSong:
          Full Name: STSong
          Family: STSong
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: STSong; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2002, Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STSong and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STSongti-SC-Regular:
          Full Name: Songti SC Regular
          Family: Songti SC
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: Songti SC Regular; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: © 2010-2012 Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STSongti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STSongti-TC-Light:
          Full Name: Songti TC Light
          Family: Songti TC
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: Songti TC Light; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: © 2010-2012, 2013 Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STSongti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STSongti-TC-Regular:
          Full Name: Songti TC Regular
          Family: Songti TC
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: Songti TC Regular; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: © 2010-2012, 2013 Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STSongti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STSongti-SC-Bold:
          Full Name: Songti SC Bold
          Family: Songti SC
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: Songti SC Bold; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: © 2000-2005, 2012 Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Songti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STSongti-TC-Bold:
          Full Name: Songti TC Bold
          Family: Songti TC
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d0e3
          Unique Name: Songti TC Bold; 16.0d0e3; 2019-12-13
          Copyright: © 2010-2012, 2013 Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Songti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ArabicUIDisplay.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ArabicUIDisplay.ttc
      Typefaces:
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Regular:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Regular
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Regular; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Medium:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Medium
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Medium; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Light:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Light
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Light; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Thin:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Thin
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Thin; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Ultralight
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Ultralight; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Semibold:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Semibold
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Semibold; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Bold:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Bold
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Bold; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Heavy:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Heavy
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Heavy; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArabicUIDisplay-Black:
          Full Name: .Arabic UI Display Black
          Family: .Arabic UI Display
          Style: Black
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .Arabic UI Display Black; 16.0d1e2; 2021-02-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2017-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntUpDBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntUpDBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsUpD-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsUpD-Bold
          Family: STIXIntegralsUpD
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsUpD-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Myanmar MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Myanmar MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        MyanmarMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Myanmar MN Bold
          Family: Myanmar MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Myanmar MN Bold; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Myanmar MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MyanmarMN:
          Full Name: Myanmar MN
          Family: Myanmar MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Myanmar MN; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Myanmar MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W8.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W8.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W8:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W8
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W8
          Version: 15.0d1e6
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W8; 15.0d1e6; 2019-12-18
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W8:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W8
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W8
          Version: 15.0d1e6
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W8; 15.0d1e6; 2019-12-18
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Verdana Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Verdana Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Verdana-Bold:
          Full Name: Verdana Bold
          Family: Verdana
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.01x
          Unique Name: Microsoft:Verdana Bold:Version 5.01x (Microsoft)
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Verdana is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Papyrus.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Papyrus.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Papyrus:
          Full Name: Papyrus
          Family: Papyrus
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Papyrus; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright © 2001 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT ESSELTE LETRASET LTD., 1990. Papyrus™ is a trademark of Esselte Corp.
          Trademark: Papyrus™ is a trademark of Esselte Corp.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Papyrus-Condensed:
          Full Name: Papyrus Condensed
          Family: Papyrus
          Style: Condensed
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Papyrus Condensed; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright © 2001 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. COPYRIGHT ESSELTE LETRASET LTD., 1990. Papyrus™ is a trademark of Esselte Corp.
          Trademark: Papyrus™ is a trademark of Esselte Corp.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Avenir Next.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Avenir Next.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AvenirNext-HeavyItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Heavy Italic
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Heavy Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Heavy Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Bold Italic
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Bold Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-DemiBoldItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Demi Bold Italic
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Demi Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Demi Bold Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-Regular:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Regular
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Regular; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-Medium:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Medium
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Medium; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-Heavy:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Heavy
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Heavy; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Medium Italic
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Medium Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-DemiBold:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Demi Bold
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Demi Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Demi Bold; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-Italic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Italic
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-UltraLightItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Ultra Light Italic
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Ultra Light Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Ultra Light Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-UltraLight:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Ultra Light
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Ultra Light
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Ultra Light; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNext-Bold:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Bold
          Family: Avenir Next
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Bold; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of  weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NotoNastaliq.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/NotoNastaliq.ttc
      Typefaces:
        NotoNastaliqUrdu-Bold:
          Full Name: Noto Nastaliq Urdu Bold
          Family: Noto Nastaliq Urdu
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d2e19
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Nastaliq Urdu Bold; 14.0d2e19; 2019-01-24
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2017 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoNastaliqUrdu:
          Full Name: Noto Nastaliq Urdu
          Family: Noto Nastaliq Urdu
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d2e19
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Nastaliq Urdu; 14.0d2e19; 2019-01-24
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2014 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Data unhinted. Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NotoNastaliqUrduUI:
          Full Name: .Noto Nastaliq Urdu UI
          Family: .Noto Nastaliq Urdu UI
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d2e19
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: .Noto Nastaliq Urdu UI; 14.0d2e19; 2019-01-24
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2014 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Data unhinted. Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NotoNastaliqUrduUI-Bold:
          Full Name: .Noto Nastaliq Urdu UI Bold
          Family: .Noto Nastaliq Urdu UI
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d2e19
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: .Noto Nastaliq Urdu UI Bold; 14.0d2e19; 2019-01-24
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2014 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Data unhinted. Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Luminari.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Luminari.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Luminari-Regular:
          Full Name: Luminari
          Family: Luminari
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Vendor: Canada Type
          Unique Name: Luminari; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-16
          Designer: Philip Bouwsma
          Copyright: Copyright © 2008 Philip Bouwsma. Published by Canada Type. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Luminari is a trade mark of Canada Type.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Muna.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Muna.ttc
      Typefaces:
        MunaBlack:
          Full Name: Muna Black
          Family: Muna
          Style: Black
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Muna Black; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © Diwan Software Ltd.
          Trademark: Muna
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MunaBold:
          Full Name: Muna Bold
          Family: Muna
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Muna Bold; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Trademark: Muna
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Muna:
          Full Name: Muna Regular
          Family: Muna
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Muna Regular; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Trademark: Muna
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .MunaPUA:
          Full Name: .Muna PUA
          Family: .Muna PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Muna PUA; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Trademark: Muna
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .MunaPUABold:
          Full Name: .Muna PUA Bold
          Family: .Muna PUA
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Muna PUA Bold; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Trademark: Muna
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .MunaPUABlack:
          Full Name: .Muna PUA Black
          Family: .Muna PUA
          Style: Black
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Muna PUA Black; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © Diwan Software Ltd.
          Trademark: Muna
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Trattatello.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Trattatello.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Trattatello:
          Full Name: Trattatello
          Family: Trattatello
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e2
          Vendor: James Grieshaber
          Unique Name: Trattatello; 13.0d2e2; 2017-06-20
          Designer: James Grieshaber
          Copyright: Copyright (c) James Grieshaber, 2005. All rights reserved.
          Description: Copyright (c) James Grieshaber, 2005. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXVar.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXVar.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXVariants-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXVariants-Regular
          Family: STIXVariants
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXVariants-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Shree714.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Shree714.ttc
      Typefaces:
        ShreeDev0714-Bold:
          Full Name: Shree Devanagari 714 Bold
          Family: Shree Devanagari 714
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Shree Devanagari 714 Bold; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000, Modular Infotech, Pune, INDIA.
          Trademark: Shree-Font is a Trademark of Modular Infotech, Pune
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ShreeDev0714:
          Full Name: Shree Devanagari 714
          Family: Shree Devanagari 714
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Shree Devanagari 714; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000, Modular Infotech, Pune, INDIA.
          Trademark: Shree-Font is a Trademark of Modular Infotech, Pune
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ShreeDev0714-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Shree Devanagari 714 Bold Italic
          Family: Shree Devanagari 714
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Shree Devanagari 714 Bold Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000, Modular Infotech, Pune, INDIA.
          Trademark: Shree-Font is a Trademark of Modular Infotech, Pune
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ShreeDev0714-Italic:
          Full Name: Shree Devanagari 714 Italic
          Family: Shree Devanagari 714
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Shree Devanagari 714 Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000, Modular Infotech, Pune, INDIA.
          Trademark: Shree-Font is a Trademark of Modular Infotech, Pune
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    DecoTypeNaskh.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/DecoTypeNaskh.ttc
      Typefaces:
        DecoTypeNaskh:
          Full Name: DecoType Naskh Regular
          Family: DecoType Naskh
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d0e1
          Unique Name: DecoType Naskh Regular; 14.0d0e1; 2017-11-14
          Copyright: DecoType Professional Naskh Family of Fonts. Copyright 1992-2007 DecoType. All Rights Reserved. Created by Thomas Milo.
          Trademark: DecoType Naskh is a trademark of DecoType.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2007 by Thomas Milo. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .DecoTypeNaskhPUA:
          Full Name: .DecoType Naskh PUA
          Family: .DecoType Naskh PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d0e1
          Unique Name: .DecoType Naskh PUA; 14.0d0e1; 2017-11-14
          Copyright: DecoType Professional Naskh Family of Fonts. Copyright 1992-2007 DecoType. All Rights Reserved. Created by Thomas Milo.
          Trademark: .DecoType Naskh PUA is a trademark of DecoType.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2007 by Thomas Milo. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Kohinoor.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Kohinoor.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KohinoorDevanagari-Light:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Light
          Family: Kohinoor Devanagari
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d5e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Light; 14.0d5e3; 2018-07-10
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2014 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Devanagari is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorDevanagari-Bold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Bold
          Family: Kohinoor Devanagari
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d5e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Bold; 14.0d5e3; 2018-07-10
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2014 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Devanagari is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorDevanagari-Regular:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Regular
          Family: Kohinoor Devanagari
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d5e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Regular; 14.0d5e3; 2018-07-10
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2014 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Devanagari is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorDevanagari-Medium:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Medium
          Family: Kohinoor Devanagari
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d5e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Medium; 14.0d5e3; 2018-07-10
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2014 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Devanagari is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorDevanagari-Semibold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Semibold
          Family: Kohinoor Devanagari
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 14.0d5e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Devanagari Semibold; 14.0d5e3; 2018-07-10
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2014 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Devanagari is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2009 and 2014 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NewPeninimMT.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/NewPeninimMT.ttc
      Typefaces:
        NewPeninimMT-Bold:
          Full Name: New Peninim MT Bold
          Family: New Peninim MT
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: New Peninim MT Bold; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd, Type Solutions Inc 1990-1993. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Peninim‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in certain countries‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NewPeninimMT-Inclined:
          Full Name: New Peninim MT Inclined
          Family: New Peninim MT
          Style: Inclined
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: New Peninim MT Inclined; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd, Type Solutions Inc 1990-1993. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Peninim‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in certain countries‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NewPeninimMT-BoldInclined:
          Full Name: New Peninim MT Bold Inclined
          Family: New Peninim MT
          Style: Bold Inclined
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: New Peninim MT Bold Inclined; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd, Type Solutions Inc 1990-1993. All rights reserved..
          Trademark: Peninim‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in certain countries‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NewPeninimMT:
          Full Name: New Peninim MT
          Family: New Peninim MT
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: New Peninim MT; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd, Type Solutions Inc 1990-1993. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Peninim‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in certain countries‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    MarkerFelt.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/MarkerFelt.ttc
      Typefaces:
        MarkerFelt-Wide:
          Full Name: Marker Felt Wide
          Family: Marker Felt
          Style: Wide
          Version: 13.0d1e11
          Unique Name: Marker Felt Wide; 13.0d1e11; 2017-06-09
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 2001, Pat Snyder, 62976 Ross Inlet, Coos Bay, OR 97420. All rights reserved. 
          Trademark: Marker Felt is a Trademark of Pat Snyder, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MarkerFelt-Thin:
          Full Name: Marker Felt Thin
          Family: Marker Felt
          Style: Thin
          Version: 13.0d1e11
          Unique Name: Marker Felt Thin; 13.0d1e11; 2017-06-09
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1992, 1993, 2001, Pat Snyder, 62976 Ross Inlet, Coos Bay, OR 97420. All rights reserved. 
          Trademark: Marker Felt is a Trademark of Pat Snyder, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    PTSerif.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/PTSerif.ttc
      Typefaces:
        PTSerif-Bold:
          Full Name: PT Serif Bold
          Family: PT Serif
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Serif Bold; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Serif is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Serif is a universal type family designed for use together with PT Sans released earlier. PT Serif coordinates with PT Sans on metrics, proportions, weights and design. It consists of six styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two caption styles (regular and italic) are for texts of small point sizes. The letterforms are distinguished by large x-height, modest stroke contrast, robust wedge-like serifs, and triangular terminals. Due to these features the face can be qualified as matched to modern trends of type design and of enhanced legibility. Mentioned characteristics beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff make the fonts quite useable for advertising and display typography.
Each font next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contains alphabet glyphs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2010 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design -- Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSerif-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: PT Serif Bold Italic
          Family: PT Serif
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Serif Bold Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Serif is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Serif is a universal type family designed for use together with PT Sans released earlier. PT Serif coordinates with PT Sans on metrics, proportions, weights and design. It consists of six styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two caption styles (regular and italic) are for texts of small point sizes. The letterforms are distinguished by large x-height, modest stroke contrast, robust wedge-like serifs, and triangular terminals. Due to these features the face can be qualified as matched to modern trends of type design and of enhanced legibility. Mentioned characteristics beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff make the fonts quite useable for advertising and display typography.
Each font next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contains alphabet glyphs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2010 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design -- Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSerif-Regular:
          Full Name: PT Serif
          Family: PT Serif
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Serif; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Serif is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Serif is a universal type family designed for use together with PT Sans released earlier. PT Serif coordinates with PT Sans on metrics, proportions, weights and design. It consists of six styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two caption styles (regular and italic) are for texts of small point sizes. The letterforms are distinguished by large x-height, modest stroke contrast, robust wedge-like serifs, and triangular terminals. Due to these features the face can be qualified as matched to modern trends of type design and of enhanced legibility. Mentioned characteristics beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff make the fonts quite useable for advertising and display typography.
Each font next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contains alphabet glyphs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2010 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design -- Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSerif-Italic:
          Full Name: PT Serif Italic
          Family: PT Serif
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Serif Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-29
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Serif is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Serif is a universal type family designed for use together with PT Sans released earlier. PT Serif coordinates with PT Sans on metrics, proportions, weights and design. It consists of six styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two caption styles (regular and italic) are for texts of small point sizes. The letterforms are distinguished by large x-height, modest stroke contrast, robust wedge-like serifs, and triangular terminals. Due to these features the face can be qualified as matched to modern trends of type design and of enhanced legibility. Mentioned characteristics beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff make the fonts quite useable for advertising and display typography.
Each font next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contains alphabet glyphs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2010 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design -- Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizOneSymReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizOneSymReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeOneSym-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXSizeOneSym-Regular
          Family: STIXSizeOneSym
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeOneSym-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SnellRoundhand.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/SnellRoundhand.ttc
      Typefaces:
        SnellRoundhand-Black:
          Full Name: Snell Roundhand Black
          Family: Snell Roundhand
          Style: Black
          Version: 15.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Snell Roundhand Black; 15.0d1e1; 2019-04-22
          Copyright: Copyright © 1981, 1990 Linotype AG
          Trademark: Snell Roundhand is a trademark of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Description:  The digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing  the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c) 1981 Linotype AG  and/or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.  This data is the property of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries  and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or  transferred without the express written approval of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SnellRoundhand-Bold:
          Full Name: Snell Roundhand Bold
          Family: Snell Roundhand
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Snell Roundhand Bold; 15.0d1e1; 2019-04-22
          Copyright: Copyright © 1981, 1990 Linotype AG
          Trademark: Snell Roundhand is a trademark of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Description: The digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing  the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c) 1981 Linotype AG  and/or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.  This data is the property of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries  and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or  transferred without the express written approval of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SnellRoundhand:
          Full Name: Snell Roundhand
          Family: Snell Roundhand
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Snell Roundhand; 15.0d1e1; 2019-04-22
          Copyright: Copyright © 1981, 1990 Linotype AG
          Trademark: Snell Roundhand is a Trademark of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries
          Description: The digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing  the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c) 1981 Linotype AG  and/or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.  This data is the property of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries  and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or  transferred without the express written approval of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Gurmukhi Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Gurmukhi Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        GurmukhiSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Gurmukhi Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Gurmukhi Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d3e1
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Gurmukhi Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d3e1; 2018-03-08
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gurmukhi Sangam MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2011 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GurmukhiSangamMN:
          Full Name: Gurmukhi Sangam MN
          Family: Gurmukhi Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d3e1
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Gurmukhi Sangam MN; 14.0d3e1; 2018-03-08
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gurmukhi Sangam MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2011 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Andale Mono.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Andale Mono.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AndaleMono:
          Full Name: Andale Mono
          Family: Andale Mono
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 2.00x
          Vendor: Monotype Typography
          Unique Name: Andale Mono Regular
          Designer: Steven R. Matteson
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright (C) 1993-1997 The Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Andale™ is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Andale Monospaced is a highly legible monospaced font.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Trebuchet MS Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Trebuchet MS Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        TrebuchetMS-Bold:
          Full Name: Trebuchet MS Bold
          Family: Trebuchet MS
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Trebuchet Bold
          Designer: Vincent Connare
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Description: Trebuchet, designed by Vincent Connare in 1996, is a humanist sans serif designed for easy screen readability. Trebuchet takes its inspiration from the sans serifs of the 1930s which had large x heights and round features intended to promote readability on signs. The typeface name is credited to a puzzle heard at Microsoft, where the question was asked, "could you build a Trebuchet (a form of medieval catapult) to launch a person from the main campus to the consumer campus, and how?" The Trebuchet fonts are intended to be the vehicle that fires your messages across the Internet. "Launch your message with a Trebuchet page".
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Copperplate.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Copperplate.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Copperplate:
          Full Name: Copperplate
          Family: Copperplate
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Copperplate; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-09
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Copperplate is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Copperplate-Bold:
          Full Name: Copperplate Bold
          Family: Copperplate
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Copperplate Bold; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-09
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Copperplate is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Copperplate-Light:
          Full Name: Copperplate Light
          Family: Copperplate
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Copperplate Light; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-09
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Copperplate is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Charter.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Charter.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Charter-Italic:
          Full Name: Charter Italic
          Family: Charter
          Style: Italic
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Charter Italic; 14.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Copyright: Copyright 1990-2003 Bitstream Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Charter-BlackItalic:
          Full Name: Charter Black Italic
          Family: Charter
          Style: Black Italic
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Charter Black Italic; 14.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Copyright: Copyright 1990-2003 Bitstream Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Charter-Bold:
          Full Name: Charter Bold
          Family: Charter
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Charter Bold; 14.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Copyright: Copyright 1990-2003 Bitstream Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Charter-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Charter Bold Italic
          Family: Charter
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Charter Bold Italic; 14.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Copyright: Copyright 1990-2003 Bitstream Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Charter-Roman:
          Full Name: Charter Roman
          Family: Charter
          Style: Roman
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Charter Roman; 14.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Copyright: Copyright 1990-2003 Bitstream Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Charter-Black:
          Full Name: Charter Black
          Family: Charter
          Style: Black
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Charter Black; 14.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Copyright: Copyright 1990-2003 Bitstream Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Bangla Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Bangla Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        BanglaSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Bangla Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Bangla Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Bangla Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d1e1; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Bangla Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        BanglaSangamMN:
          Full Name: Bangla Sangam MN
          Family: Bangla Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Bangla Sangam MN; 14.0d1e1; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Bangla Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Sathu.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Sathu.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Sathu:
          Full Name: Sathu
          Family: Sathu
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Sathu; 14.0d1e1; 2017-11-02
          Copyright: © 1992-2003 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NISC18030.ttf:

      Kind: Bitmap
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/NISC18030.ttf
      Typefaces:
        GB18030Bitmap:
          Full Name: GB18030 Bitmap
          Family: GB18030 Bitmap
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Vendor: NISC, People's Republic of China
          Unique Name: GB18030 Bitmap; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-20
          Copyright: Copyright © 2002 NISC, People's Republic of China.
          Outline: No
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Kokonor.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Kokonor.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Kokonor:
          Full Name: Kokonor Regular
          Family: Kokonor
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Vendor: Shojiro Nomura and Steve Hartwell
          Unique Name: Kokonor Regular; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-13
          Designer: Shojiro Nomura
          Copyright: Copyright (c) Otani University Shin Buddhist Research Institute, 2006. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    AppleSDGothicNeo.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/AppleSDGothicNeo.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AppleSDGothicNeo-ExtraBold:
          Full Name: Apple SD GothicNeo ExtraBold
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: ExtraBold
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD GothicNeo ExtraBold; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-Medium:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Medium
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Medium; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-Light:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Light
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Light; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-SemiBold:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo SemiBold
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo SemiBold; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-Regular:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Regular
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Regular; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-Heavy:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Heavy
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Heavy; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-Thin:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Thin
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: Thin
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Thin; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-UltraLight:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo UltraLight
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: UltraLight
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo UltraLight; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AppleSDGothicNeo-Bold:
          Full Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Bold
          Family: Apple SD Gothic Neo
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD Gothic Neo Bold; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-Regular:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Regular
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Regular; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-Medium:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Medium
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Medium; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-Light:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Light
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Light; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-UltraLight:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI UltraLight
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: UltraLight
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI UltraLight; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-Thin:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Thin
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: Thin
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Thin; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-SemiBold:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI SemiBold
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI SemiBold; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-Bold:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Bold
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Bold; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-ExtraBold:
          Full Name: Apple SD GothicNeo ExtraBold
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: ExtraBold
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: Apple SD GothicNeo ExtraBold; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleSDGothicNeoI-Heavy:
          Full Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Heavy
          Family: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 13.0d1e9
          Vendor: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Unique Name: .Apple SD Gothic NeoI Heavy; 13.0d1e9; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright © 2014 Sandoll Communications Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: SDGothicNeo is a registered trademark of Sandoll Communications Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Bodoni 72 OS.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Bodoni 72 OS.ttc
      Typefaces:
        BodoniSvtyTwoOSITCTT-BookIt:
          Full Name: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle Book Italic
          Family: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle
          Style: Book Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle Book Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITC Bodoni is a trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        BodoniSvtyTwoOSITCTT-Book:
          Full Name: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle Book
          Family: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle
          Style: Book
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle Book; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITC Bodoni is a trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        BodoniSvtyTwoOSITCTT-Bold:
          Full Name: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle Bold
          Family: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni 72 Oldstyle Bold; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITC Bodoni is a trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    TimesLTMM:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/TimesLTMM
      Typefaces:
        TimesLTMM:
          Full Name: .Times LT MM
          Family: .Times LT MM
          Style: Regular
          Version: 1.006
          Unique Name: .Times LT MM
          Copyright: Copyright © 1985, 1987, 1989, 1990, 1993, 1997 - 1999 Adobe Systems Incorporated.  All Rights Reserved. © 1981, 1999, 2002 - 2004 Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Times is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, and oay be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Khmer Sangam MN.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Khmer Sangam MN.ttf
      Typefaces:
        KhmerSangamMN:
          Full Name: Khmer Sangam MN
          Family: Khmer Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e9
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Khmer Sangam MN; 14.0d1e9; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Khmer Sangam MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntUpSmReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntUpSmReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsUpSm-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsUpSm-Regular
          Family: STIXIntegralsUpSm
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsUpSm-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Lao MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Lao MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        LaoMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Lao MN Bold
          Family: Lao MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e9
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Lao MN Bold; 14.0d1e9; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Lao MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        LaoMN:
          Full Name: Lao MN
          Family: Lao MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e9
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Lao MN; 14.0d1e9; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Lao MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W6.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W6.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W6:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W6
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W6
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W6; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W6:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W6
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W6
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W6; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Bodoni 72 Smallcaps Book.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Bodoni 72 Smallcaps Book.ttf
      Typefaces:
        BodoniSvtyTwoSCITCTT-Book:
          Full Name: Bodoni 72 Smallcaps Book
          Family: Bodoni 72 Smallcaps
          Style: Book
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni 72 Smallcaps Book; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITC Bodoni is a trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    KohinoorTelugu.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/KohinoorTelugu.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KohinoorTelugu-Regular:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Telugu
          Family: Kohinoor Telugu
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Telugu; 14.0d1e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Telugu is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2014 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorTelugu-Medium:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Telugu Medium
          Family: Kohinoor Telugu
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Telugu Medium; 14.0d1e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Telugu is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2014 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorTelugu-Bold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Telugu Bold
          Family: Kohinoor Telugu
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Telugu Bold; 14.0d1e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Telugu is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2014 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorTelugu-Light:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Telugu Light
          Family: Kohinoor Telugu
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Telugu Light; 14.0d1e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Telugu is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2014 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KohinoorTelugu-Semibold:
          Full Name: Kohinoor Telugu Semibold
          Family: Kohinoor Telugu
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 14.0d1e3
          Vendor: Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: Kohinoor Telugu Semibold; 14.0d1e3; 2018-02-28
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kohinoor is a trademark of Indian Type Foundry.
          Description: Kohinoor Telugu is an elegant low contrast type family suitable for both body and display text in print and on screen. Designed between 2014 and 2015 by Satya Rajpurohit. OpenType production by Liang Hai.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXGeneralBolIta.otf:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXGeneralBolIta.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXGeneral-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: STIXGeneral-BoldItalic
          Family: STIXGeneral
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXGeneral-BoldItalic:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Verdana Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Verdana Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Verdana-Italic:
          Full Name: Verdana Italic
          Family: Verdana
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 5.01x
          Vendor: Carter & Cone
          Unique Name: Microsoft:Verdana Italic:Version 5.01x (Microsoft)
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Verdana is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Braille.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Braille.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleBraille:
          Full Name: Apple Braille
          Family: Apple Braille
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e27
          Unique Name: Apple Braille; 13.0d2e27; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: © Copyright 2007 by Apple, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SourceCodePro-Light.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /Library/Fonts/SourceCodePro-Light.ttf
      Typefaces:
        SourceCodePro-Light:
          Full Name: Source Code Pro Light
          Family: Source Code Pro
          Style: Light
          Version: Version 1.010;PS Version 1.000;hotconv 1.0.70;makeotf.lib2.5.5900
          Vendor: Adobe Systems Incorporated
          Unique Name: 1.010;ADBE;SourceCodePro-Light;ADOBE
          Designer: Paul D. Hunt
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Source is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Mshtakan.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Mshtakan.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Mshtakan:
          Full Name: Mshtakan
          Family: Mshtakan
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Mshtakan; 14.0d1e1; 2017-11-24
          Designer: Michael Everson
          Copyright: Mshtakan 1.1 © 2002-2003 Michael Everson. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Mshtakan is a trademark of Michael Everson.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MshtakanBold:
          Full Name: Mshtakan Bold
          Family: Mshtakan
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Mshtakan Bold; 14.0d1e1; 2017-11-24
          Designer: Michael Everson
          Copyright: Mshtakan-Bold 1.1 © 2002-2003 Michael Everson. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Mshtakan Bold is a trademark of Michael Everson.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MshtakanBoldOblique:
          Full Name: Mshtakan BoldOblique
          Family: Mshtakan
          Style: BoldOblique
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Mshtakan BoldOblique; 14.0d1e1; 2017-11-24
          Designer: Michael Everson
          Copyright: Mshtakan-BoldOblique 1.1 © 2002-2003 Michael Everson. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Mshtakan BoldOblique is a trademark of Michael Everson.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MshtakanOblique:
          Full Name: Mshtakan Oblique
          Family: Mshtakan
          Style: Oblique
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Michael Everson
          Unique Name: Mshtakan Oblique; 14.0d1e1; 2017-11-24
          Designer: Michael Everson
          Copyright: Mshtakan-Oblique 1.1 © 2002-2003 Michael Everson. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Mshtakan Oblique is a trademark of Michael Everson.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Sinhala Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Sinhala Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        SinhalaSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Sinhala Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Sinhala Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Sinhala Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Sinhala Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SinhalaSangamMN:
          Full Name: Sinhala Sangam MN
          Family: Sinhala Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Sinhala Sangam MN; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Sinhala Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Tamil Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Tamil Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        GranthaSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Grantha Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Grantha Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d1e37
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Grantha Sangam MN Bold; 15.0d1e37; 2020-09-16
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GranthaSangamMN-Regular:
          Full Name: Grantha Sangam MN Regular
          Family: Grantha Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d1e37
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Grantha Sangam MN Regular; 15.0d1e37; 2020-09-16
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        TamilSangamMN:
          Full Name: Tamil Sangam MN
          Family: Tamil Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d1e37
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Tamil Sangam MN; 15.0d1e37; 2020-09-16
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1986 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Tamil Sangam MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        TamilSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Tamil Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Tamil Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d1e37
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Tamil Sangam MN Bold; 15.0d1e37; 2020-09-16
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1986 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Tamil Sangam MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Beirut.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Beirut.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Beirut:
          Full Name: Beirut Regular
          Family: Beirut
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Beirut Regular; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .BeirutPUA:
          Full Name: .Beirut PUA
          Family: .Beirut PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: .Beirut PUA; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizFourSymReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizFourSymReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeFourSym-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXSizeFourSym-Regular
          Family: STIXSizeFourSym
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeFourSym-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXGeneralBol.otf:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXGeneralBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXGeneral-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXGeneral-Bold
          Family: STIXGeneral
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXGeneral-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Mishafi Gold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Mishafi Gold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        DiwanMishafiGold:
          Full Name: Mishafi Gold Regular
          Family: Mishafi Gold
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Mishafi Gold Regular; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 1998-2000 Diwan Software Ltd. All rights reserved
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Verdana Bold Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Verdana Bold Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Verdana-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Verdana Bold Italic
          Family: Verdana
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 5.01x
          Vendor: Carter & Cone
          Unique Name: Microsoft:Verdana Bold Italic:Version 5.01x (Microsoft)
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Verdana is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Times.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Times.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Times-Bold:
          Full Name: Times Bold
          Family: Times
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Times Bold; 15.0d2e1; 2019-07-16
          Copyright: © 1990-99 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc. © 1990-91 The Font Bureau Inc.
          Trademark: Times is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Times-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Times Bold Italic
          Family: Times
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 15.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Times Bold Italic; 15.0d2e1; 2019-07-16
          Copyright: © 1990-99 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG  © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc. © 1990-91 The Font Bureau Inc.
          Trademark: Times is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Times-Roman:
          Full Name: Times Roman
          Family: Times
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Times Roman; 15.0d2e1; 2019-07-16
          Copyright: © 1990-99 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG  © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc. © 1990-91 The Font Bureau Inc.
          Trademark: Times is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Times-Italic:
          Full Name: Times Italic
          Family: Times
          Style: Italic
          Version: 15.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Times Italic; 15.0d2e1; 2019-07-16
          Copyright: © 1990-99 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG  © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc. © 1990-91 The Font Bureau Inc.
          Trademark: Times is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXNonUniBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXNonUniBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXNonUnicode-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXNonUnicode-Bold
          Family: STIXNonUnicode
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXNonUnicode-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Lao Sangam MN.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Lao Sangam MN.ttf
      Typefaces:
        LaoSangamMN:
          Full Name: Lao Sangam MN
          Family: Lao Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e6
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Lao Sangam MN; 14.0d1e6; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Lao Sangam MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Chalkboard.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Chalkboard.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Chalkboard-Bold:
          Full Name: Chalkboard Bold
          Family: Chalkboard
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Chalkboard Bold; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-16
          Copyright: Copyright 2003-04 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Chalkboard:
          Full Name: Chalkboard
          Family: Chalkboard
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Chalkboard; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-16
          Copyright: Copyright 2003-04 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NotoSerifMyanmar.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/NotoSerifMyanmar.ttc
      Typefaces:
        NotoSerifMyanmar-Bold:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Bold
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Bold; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-Regular:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Regular
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Regular; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-SemiBold:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar SemiBold
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar SemiBold; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-Light:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Light
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Light; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-Black:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Black
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: Black
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Black; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-ExtraBold:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar ExtraBold
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: ExtraBold
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar ExtraBold; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-ExtraLight:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar ExtraLight
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: ExtraLight
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar ExtraLight; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-Medium:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Medium
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Medium; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSerifMyanmar-Thin:
          Full Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Thin
          Family: Noto Serif Myanmar
          Style: Thin
          Version: 14.0d1e5
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Serif Myanmar Thin; 14.0d1e5; 2018-11-28
          Designer: Ben Mitchell and the Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2016 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Kannada MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Kannada MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KannadaMN:
          Full Name: Kannada MN
          Family: Kannada MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e6
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Kannada MN; 14.0d1e6; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kannada MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KannadaMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Kannada MN Bold
          Family: Kannada MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e6
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Kannada MN Bold; 14.0d1e6; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kannada MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Braille Outline 6 Dot.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Braille Outline 6 Dot.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleBraille-Outline6Dot:
          Full Name: Apple Braille Outline 6 Dot
          Family: Apple Braille
          Style: Outline 6 Dot
          Version: 13.0d2e27
          Unique Name: Apple Braille Outline 6 Dot; 13.0d2e27; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: © Copyright 2007 by Apple, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Courier New Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Courier New Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        CourierNewPS-BoldMT:
          Full Name: Courier New Bold
          Family: Courier New
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.00.2x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Courier New Bold:version 5.00 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Howard Kettler
          Copyright: © 2008 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Courier New is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Cochin.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Cochin.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Cochin-Bold:
          Full Name: Cochin Bold
          Family: Cochin
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Cochin Bold; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-19
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Description: (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.  This data is the property of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries  and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or  transferred without the express written approval of Linotype AG  and/or its subsidiaries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Cochin-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Cochin Bold Italic
          Family: Cochin
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Cochin Bold Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-19
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Description: (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.  This data is the property of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries  and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or  transferred without the express written approval of Linotype AG  and/or its subsidiaries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Cochin-Italic:
          Full Name: Cochin Italic
          Family: Cochin
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Cochin Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-19
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Description: (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.  This data is the property of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries  and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or  transferred without the express written approval of Linotype AG  and/or its subsidiaries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Cochin:
          Full Name: Cochin
          Family: Cochin
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Cochin; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-19
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries.
          Description: (c) 1981 Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.  This data is the property of Linotype AG and/or its subsidiaries  and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or  transferred without the express written approval of Linotype AG  and/or its subsidiaries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Microsoft Sans Serif.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Microsoft Sans Serif.ttf
      Typefaces:
        MicrosoftSansSerif:
          Full Name: Microsoft Sans Serif
          Family: Microsoft Sans Serif
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00.1x
          Unique Name: Microsoft Sans Serif Regular
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Microsoft Sans Serif is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Thonburi.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Thonburi.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Thonburi-Bold:
          Full Name: Thonburi Bold
          Family: Thonburi
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Thonburi Bold; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1992-2011 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Thonburi-Light:
          Full Name: Thonburi Light
          Family: Thonburi
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Thonburi Light; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1992-2013 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Thonburi:
          Full Name: Thonburi
          Family: Thonburi
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Thonburi; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1992-2011 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Georgia.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Georgia.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Georgia:
          Full Name: Georgia
          Family: Georgia
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00x-4
          Vendor: Carter & Cone
          Unique Name: Georgia; Version 5.00x-4; 2011-10-24
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Georgia is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Al Tarikh.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Al Tarikh.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AlTarikh:
          Full Name: Al Tarikh Regular
          Family: Al Tarikh
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Al Tarikh Regular; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AlTarikhPUA:
          Full Name: .Al Tarikh PUA
          Family: .Al Tarikh PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: .Al Tarikh PUA; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Courier New Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Courier New Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        CourierNewPS-ItalicMT:
          Full Name: Courier New Italic
          Family: Courier New
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 5.00.1x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Courier New Italic:version 5.00 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Howard Kettler
          Copyright: © 2008 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Courier New is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W4.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W4.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W4:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W4
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W4
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W4; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W4:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W4
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W4
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W4; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Helvetica.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Helvetica-Bold:
          Full Name: Helvetica Bold
          Family: Helvetica
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Helvetica Bold; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-11
          Copyright: © 1990-2006 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Helvetica-Light:
          Full Name: Helvetica Light
          Family: Helvetica
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Helvetica Light; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-11
          Copyright: © 1990-2006 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Helvetica-BoldOblique:
          Full Name: Helvetica Bold Oblique
          Family: Helvetica
          Style: Bold Oblique
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Helvetica Bold Oblique; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-11
          Copyright: © 1990-2006 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Helvetica:
          Full Name: Helvetica
          Family: Helvetica
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Helvetica; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-11
          Copyright: © 1990-2006 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Helvetica-LightOblique:
          Full Name: Helvetica Light Oblique
          Family: Helvetica
          Style: Light Oblique
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Helvetica Light Oblique; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-11
          Copyright: © 1990-2006 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Helvetica-Oblique:
          Full Name: Helvetica Oblique
          Family: Helvetica
          Style: Oblique
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Helvetica Oblique; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-11
          Copyright: © 1990-2006 Apple Computer Inc. © 1981 Linotype AG © 1990-91 Type Solutions Inc.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Corsiva.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Corsiva.ttc
      Typefaces:
        CorsivaHebrew:
          Full Name: Corsiva Hebrew
          Family: Corsiva Hebrew
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Corsiva Hebrew; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd. /Type Solutions Inc. 1990-91-92-93. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Corsiva‮*‬‭ ‬Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in certain contries‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        CorsivaHebrew-Bold:
          Full Name: Corsiva Hebrew Bold
          Family: Corsiva Hebrew
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Corsiva Hebrew Bold; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd. /Type Solutions Inc. 1990-91-92-93 All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Corsiva‮*‬‭ ‬Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in certain countries‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Narrow Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Narrow Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ArialNarrow-Bold:
          Full Name: Arial Narrow Bold
          Family: Arial Narrow
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 2.38.1x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Arial Narrow Bold : 2007
          Designer: Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders
          Copyright: © 2007 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Description: Monotype Drawing Office 1982. A contemporary sans serif design, Arial contains more humanist characteristics than many of its predecessors and as such is more in tune with the mood of the last decades of the twentieth century. The overall treatment of curves is softer and fuller than in most industrial-style sans serif faces. Terminal strokes are cut on the diagonal which helps to give the face a less mechanical appearance. Arial is an extremely versatile family of typefaces which can be used with equal success for text setting in reports, presentations, magazines etc, and for display use in newspapers, advertising and promotions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Black.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Black.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Arial-Black:
          Full Name: Arial Black
          Family: Arial Black
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00.1x
          Vendor: Monotype Typography, Inc.
          Unique Name: Monotype - Arial Black Regular
          Designer: Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders
          Copyright: C 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Description: Monotype Drawing Office 1982. A contemporary sans serif design, Arial contains more humanist characteristics than many of its predecessors and as such is more in tune with the mood of the last decades of the twentieth century. The overall treatment of curves is softer and fuller than in most industrial-style sans serif faces. Terminal strokes are cut on the diagonal which helps to give the face a less mechanical appearance. Arial is an extremely versatile family of typefaces which can be used with equal success for text setting in reports, presentations, magazines etc, and for display use in newspapers, advertising and promotions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Raanana.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Raanana.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Raanana:
          Full Name: Raanana
          Family: Raanana
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Vendor: Apple Computer, Inc.
          Unique Name: Raanana; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: © Apple, Inc. 1991-1995
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        RaananaBold:
          Full Name: Raanana Bold
          Family: Raanana
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Vendor: Apple Computer, Inc.
          Unique Name: Raanana Bold; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: © Apple, Inc. 1992-1995
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Malayalam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Malayalam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        MalayalamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Malayalam MN Bold
          Family: Malayalam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e6
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Malayalam MN Bold; 14.0d1e6; 2018-02-24
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Malayalam MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MalayalamMN:
          Full Name: Malayalam MN
          Family: Malayalam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e6
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Malayalam MN; 14.0d1e6; 2018-02-24
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Malayalam MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Malayalam Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Malayalam Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        MalayalamSangamMN:
          Full Name: Malayalam Sangam MN
          Family: Malayalam Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d4e6
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Malayalam Sangam MN; 14.0d4e6; 2018-07-09
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Malayalam Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MalayalamSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Malayalam Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Malayalam Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d4e6
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Malayalam Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d4e6; 2018-07-09
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Malayalam Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Oriya Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Oriya Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        OriyaSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Oriya Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Oriya Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Oriya Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-24
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Oriya Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        OriyaSangamMN:
          Full Name: Oriya Sangam MN
          Family: Oriya Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Oriya Sangam MN; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-24
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Oriya Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    PartyLET-plain.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/PartyLET-plain.ttf
      Typefaces:
        PartyLetPlain:
          Full Name: Party LET Plain
          Family: Party LET
          Style: Plain
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Party LET Plain; 16.0d1e2; 2020-08-17
          Copyright: © 1993 Esselte Letraset Limited
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SignPainter.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/SignPainter.ttc
      Typefaces:
        SignPainter-HouseScript:
          Full Name: SignPainter-HouseScript
          Family: SignPainter
          Style: HouseScript
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Sign Painter House Script - House Industries/Brand Design Co. Inc
          Unique Name: SignPainter-HouseScript; 14.0d1e1; 2018-01-16
          Designer: House Industries
          Copyright: (C)1999 House Industries/Brand Design Co., Inc.
          Trademark: SignPainter-HouseScript is a trademark of House Industries/Brand Design Co., Inc.
          Description: Part of the Sign Painter Font Kit from House Industries
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SignPainter-HouseScriptSemibold:
          Full Name: SignPainter-HouseScript Semibold
          Family: SignPainter
          Style: HouseScript Semibold
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Sign Painter House Script - House Industries/Brand Design Co. Inc
          Unique Name: SignPainter-HouseScript Semibold; 14.0d1e1; 2018-01-16
          Designer: House Industries
          Copyright: (C)1999 House Industries/Brand Design Co., Inc.
          Trademark: SignPainter-HouseScript is a trademark of House Industries/Brand Design Co., Inc.
          Description: Part of the Sign Painter Font Kit from House Industries
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Phosphate.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Phosphate.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Phosphate-Solid:
          Full Name: Phosphate Solid
          Family: Phosphate
          Style: Solid
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Vendor: International TypeFounders, Inc
          Unique Name: Phosphate Solid; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Designer: Steve Jackaman + Ashley Muir
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 by International TypeFounders, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Phosphate Solid is a trademark of International TypeFounders, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Phosphate-Inline:
          Full Name: Phosphate Inline
          Family: Phosphate
          Style: Inline
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Vendor: International TypeFounders, Inc
          Unique Name: Phosphate Inline; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Designer: Steve Jackaman + Ashley Muir
          Copyright: Copyright © 2010 by International TypeFounders, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Phosphate Inline is a trademark of International TypeFounders, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ITFDevanagari.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/ITFDevanagari.ttc
      Typefaces:
        ITFDevanagariMarathi-Bold:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Bold
          Family: ITF Devanagari Marathi
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Bold; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Marathi Bold is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagariMarathi-Medium:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Medium
          Family: ITF Devanagari Marathi
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Medium; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Marathi Medium is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagari-Demi:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Demi
          Family: ITF Devanagari
          Style: Demi
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Demi; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Demi is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagari-Medium:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Medium
          Family: ITF Devanagari
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Medium; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Medium is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagari-Bold:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Bold
          Family: ITF Devanagari
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Bold; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Bold is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagariMarathi-Demi:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Demi
          Family: ITF Devanagari Marathi
          Style: Demi
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Demi; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Marathi Demi is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagariMarathi-Light:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Light
          Family: ITF Devanagari Marathi
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Light; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Marathi Light is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagari-Light:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Light
          Family: ITF Devanagari
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Light; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Light is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagari-Book:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Book
          Family: ITF Devanagari
          Style: Book
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Book; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Book is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ITFDevanagariMarathi-Book:
          Full Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Book
          Family: ITF Devanagari Marathi
          Style: Book
          Version: 14.0d3e6
          Vendor: The Indian Type Foundry
          Unique Name: ITF Devanagari Marathi Book; 14.0d3e6; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Satya Rajpurohit
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2011 by The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITF Devanagari Marathi Book is a trademark of The Indian Type Foundry. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Savoye LET.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Savoye LET.ttc
      Typefaces:
        SavoyeLetPlain:
          Full Name: Savoye LET Plain:1.0
          Family: Savoye LET
          Style: Plain
          Version: 13.0d2e4
          Unique Name: Savoye LET Plain:1.0; 13.0d2e4; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright © 1990 Esselte Letraset, Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SavoyeLetPlainCC:
          Full Name: Savoye LET Plain CC.:1.0
          Family: .Savoye LET CC.
          Style: Plain
          Version: 13.0d2e4
          Unique Name: Savoye LET Plain CC.:1.0; 13.0d2e4; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright © 1990 Esselte Letraset, Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ丸ゴ ProN W4.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ丸ゴ ProN W4.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraMaruProN-W4:
          Full Name: Hiragino Maru Gothic ProN W4
          Family: Hiragino Maru Gothic ProN
          Style: W4
          Version: 15.0d1e2
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Maru Gothic ProN W4; 15.0d1e2; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 2000-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Hiragino is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Zapfino.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Zapfino.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Zapfino:
          Full Name: Zapfino
          Family: Zapfino
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Zapfino; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Designer: Hermann Zapf
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1999-2002, Linotype Library GmbH & affiliates. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Linotype Zapfino is a Trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusively licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Today's digital font technology has allowed renowned type designer Hermann Zapf to realise a dream he first had more than fifty years ago: to create a fully calligraphic typeface.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    DevanagariMT.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/DevanagariMT.ttc
      Typefaces:
        DevanagariMT:
          Full Name: Devanagari MT
          Family: Devanagari MT
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: Devanagari MT; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-12
          Copyright: Copyright © Monotype Typography Ltd 1996. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Monotype Devanagari is a Trademark of Monotype Typography Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        DevanagariMT-Bold:
          Full Name: Devanagari MT Bold
          Family: Devanagari MT
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: Devanagari MT Bold; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-12
          Copyright: Copyright © Monotype Typography Ltd 1996. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Monotype Devanagari is a Trademark of Monotype Typography Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    AlBayan.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/AlBayan.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AlBayan-Bold:
          Full Name: Al Bayan Bold
          Family: Al Bayan
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Al Bayan Bold; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-06
          Copyright: AlBayan designed by Al Bayan Company for Computer Services. Copyright Apple
Computer, Inc. and its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AlBayan:
          Full Name: Al Bayan Plain
          Family: Al Bayan
          Style: Plain
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Al Bayan Plain; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-06
          Copyright: AlBayan designed by Al Bayan Company for Computer Services. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AlBayanPUA:
          Full Name: .Al Bayan PUA Plain
          Family: .Al Bayan PUA
          Style: Plain
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: .Al Bayan PUA Plain; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-06
          Copyright: AlBayan designed by Al Bayan Company for Computer Services. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AlBayanPUA-Bold:
          Full Name: .Al Bayan PUA Bold
          Family: .Al Bayan PUA
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: .Al Bayan PUA Bold; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-06
          Copyright: AlBayan designed by Al Bayan Company for Computer Services. Copyright Apple
Computer, Inc. and its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFNSMono.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFNSMono.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .SFNSMono-Regular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Regular
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-Medium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Medium
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-Light:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Light
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-Semibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Semibold
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-Bold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Bold
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-Heavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Heavy
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    LucidaGrande.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/LucidaGrande.ttc
      Typefaces:
        LucidaGrande-Bold:
          Full Name: Lucida Grande Bold
          Family: Lucida Grande
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Lucida Grande Bold; 15.0d1e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow
          Copyright: Copyright © 1989 Bigelow & Holmes, Inc. All rights reserved. Lucida is a trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and other jurisdictions. Lucida typeface designs created by Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow.
          Trademark: Lucida is a registered trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        LucidaGrande:
          Full Name: Lucida Grande
          Family: Lucida Grande
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Lucida Grande; 15.0d1e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow
          Copyright: Copyright © 1989 Bigelow & Holmes, Inc. All rights reserved. Lucida is a trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and other jurisdictions. Lucida typeface designs created by Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow.
          Trademark: Lucida is a registered trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .LucidaGrandeUI:
          Full Name: .Lucida Grande UI Regular
          Family: .Lucida Grande UI
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d1e1
          Unique Name: .Lucida Grande UI Regular; 15.0d1e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow
          Copyright: Copyright © 1989 Bigelow & Holmes, Inc. All rights reserved. Lucida is a trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and other jurisdictions. Lucida typeface designs created by Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow.
          Trademark: Lucida is a registered trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .LucidaGrandeUI-Bold:
          Full Name: .Lucida Grande UI Bold
          Family: .Lucida Grande UI
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d1e1
          Unique Name: .Lucida Grande UI Bold; 15.0d1e1; 2019-07-01
          Designer: Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow
          Copyright: Copyright © 1989 Bigelow & Holmes, Inc. All rights reserved. Lucida is a trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and other jurisdictions. Lucida typeface designs created by Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow.
          Trademark: Lucida is a registered trademark of Bigelow & Holmes Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Khmer MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Khmer MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KhmerMN:
          Full Name: Khmer MN
          Family: Khmer MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Khmer MN; 14.0d1e1; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Khmer MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KhmerMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Khmer MN Bold
          Family: Khmer MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Khmer MN Bold; 14.0d1e1; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Khmer MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Courier.dfont:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Courier.dfont
      Typefaces:
        Courier-Oblique:
          Full Name: Courier Oblique
          Family: Courier
          Style: Oblique
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Courier Oblique; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1990-91 by Bitstream Inc. Copyright © 1990-2009 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Courier-BoldOblique:
          Full Name: Courier Bold Oblique
          Family: Courier
          Style: Bold Oblique
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Courier Bold Oblique; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1990-91 by Bitstream Inc. Copyright © 1990-2009 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Courier:
          Full Name: Courier
          Family: Courier
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Courier; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1990-91 by Bitstream Inc. Copyright © 1990-2009 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Courier-Bold:
          Full Name: Courier Bold
          Family: Courier
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Courier Bold; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © 1990-91 by Bitstream Inc. Copyright © 1990-2009 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    KufiStandardGK.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/KufiStandardGK.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KufiStandardGK:
          Full Name: KufiStandardGK Regular
          Family: KufiStandardGK
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e11
          Unique Name: KufiStandardGK Regular; 13.0d1e11; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Kufi designed by Diwan Software Ltd. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and its
licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .KufiStandardGKPUA:
          Full Name: .KufiStandardGK PUA
          Family: .KufiStandardGK PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e11
          Unique Name: .KufiStandardGK PUA; 13.0d1e11; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Kufi designed by Diwan Software Ltd. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and its
licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Waseem.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Waseem.ttc
      Typefaces:
        WaseemLight:
          Full Name: Waseem Light
          Family: Waseem
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Waseem Light; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: © 2002 Diwan Software Ltd. All rights reserved
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Waseem:
          Full Name: Waseem Regular
          Family: Waseem
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Waseem Regular; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: © 2002 Diwan Software Ltd. All rights reserved
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Rockwell.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Rockwell.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Rockwell-Italic:
          Full Name: Rockwell Italic
          Family: Rockwell
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Rockwell Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Designer: Monotype Design Office
          Copyright: © Copyright 1989, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Rockwell is a registered trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Rockwell-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Rockwell Bold Italic
          Family: Rockwell
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Rockwell Bold Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Designer: Monotype Design Office
          Copyright: © Copyright 1989, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Rockwell is a registered trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Rockwell-Bold:
          Full Name: Rockwell Bold
          Family: Rockwell
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Rockwell Bold; 13.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Designer: Monotype Design Office
          Copyright: © Copyright 1989, 1990, 2002, 2014 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Rockwell is a registered trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Rockwell-Regular:
          Full Name: Rockwell
          Family: Rockwell
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Rockwell; 13.0d2e1; 2017-11-28
          Designer: Monotype Design Office
          Copyright: © 2014 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Rockwell is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Georgia Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Georgia Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Georgia-Italic:
          Full Name: Georgia Italic
          Family: Georgia
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 5.00x-4
          Vendor: Carter & Cone
          Unique Name: Georgia Italic; Version 5.00x-4; 2011-10-24
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Georgia is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntSmReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntSmReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsSm-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsSm-Regular
          Family: STIXIntegralsSm
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsSm-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Herculanum.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Herculanum.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Herculanum:
          Full Name: Herculanum
          Family: Herculanum
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Herculanum; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-07
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, Linotype Library GmbH.
          Trademark: "Herculanum" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Herculanum is a work
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STHeiti Light.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/STHeiti Light.ttc
      Typefaces:
        STHeitiTC-Light:
          Full Name: Heiti TC Light
          Family: Heiti TC
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Vendor: SinoType
          Unique Name: Heiti TC Light; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000-2007, Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STHeiti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STHeitiSC-Light:
          Full Name: Heiti SC Light
          Family: Heiti SC
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Vendor: SinoType
          Unique Name: Heiti SC Light; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000-2007, Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STHeiti and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co.,Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Avenir Next Condensed.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Avenir Next Condensed.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AvenirNextCondensed-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Medium Italic
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Medium Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-Regular:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Regular
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Regular; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-UltraLightItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Ultra Light Italic
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Ultra Light Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Ultra Light Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-HeavyItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Heavy Italic
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Heavy Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Heavy Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Bold Italic
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Bold Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-Medium:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Medium
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Medium; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-DemiBoldItalic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Demi Bold Italic
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Demi Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Demi Bold Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-DemiBold:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Demi Bold
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Demi Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Demi Bold; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-Bold:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Bold
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Bold; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-Italic:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Italic
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next Condensed for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next Condensed is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-Heavy:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Heavy
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Heavy; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AvenirNextCondensed-UltraLight:
          Full Name: Avenir Next Condensed Ultra Light
          Family: Avenir Next Condensed
          Style: Ultra Light
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Avenir Next Condensed Ultra Light; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Adrian Frutiger, Akira Kobayashi
          Copyright: Copyright © 2004 - 2007 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Avenir is a trademark of Linotype GmbH registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions.
          Description: Adrian Frutiger designed Avenir in 1988, after years of having an interest in sans serif typefaces. In an interview with Linotype, he said he felt an obligation to design a linear sans in the tradition of Erbar and Futura, but to also make use of the experience and stylistic developments of the twentieth century. The word Avenir means 'future' in French and hints that the typeface owes some of its interpretation to Futura. But unlike Futura, Avenir is not purely geometric; it has vertical strokes that are thicker than the horizontals, an "o" that is not a perfect circle, and shortened ascenders. These nuances aid in legibility and give Avenir a harmonious and sensible appearance for both texts and headlines. In 2004 Adrian Frutiger and the type director of Linotype GmbH Akira Kobayashi reworked the Avenir and created the Avenir Next for the Platinum Collection. It includes new small caps, newly designed true italics, and a complete new range of condensed weights. Avenir Next is a versatile sans serif family, ready for large and complex projects from books to signage to advertising.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    PTSans.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/PTSans.ttc
      Typefaces:
        PTSans-Regular:
          Full Name: PT Sans
          Family: PT Sans
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSans-CaptionBold:
          Full Name: PT Sans Caption Bold
          Family: PT Sans Caption
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans Caption Bold; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSans-Bold:
          Full Name: PT Sans Bold
          Family: PT Sans
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans Bold; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSans-Italic:
          Full Name: PT Sans Italic
          Family: PT Sans
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans Italic; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSans-Caption:
          Full Name: PT Sans Caption
          Family: PT Sans Caption
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans Caption; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSans-NarrowBold:
          Full Name: PT Sans Narrow Bold
          Family: PT Sans Narrow
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans Narrow Bold; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSans-Narrow:
          Full Name: PT Sans Narrow
          Family: PT Sans Narrow
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans Narrow; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        PTSans-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: PT Sans Bold Italic
          Family: PT Sans
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d3e2
          Vendor: ParaType Ltd
          Unique Name: PT Sans Bold Italic; 13.0d3e2; 2017-06-30
          Designer: A.Korolkova, O.Umpeleva, V.Yefimov
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 ParaType Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: PT Sans is a trademark of the ParaType Ltd.
          Description: PT Sans is a type family of universal use. It consists of 8 styles: regular and bold weights with corresponding italics form a standard computer font family; two narrow styles (regular and bold) are intended for documents that require tight set; two caption styles (regular and bold) are for texts of small point sizes. The design combines traditional conservative appearance with modern trends of humanistic sans serif and characterized by enhanced legibility. These features beside conventional use in business applications and printed stuff made the fonts quite useable for direction and guide signs, schemes, screens of information kiosks and other objects of urban visual communications.

The fonts next to standard Latin and Cyrillic character sets contain signs of title languages of the national republics of Russian Federation and support the most of the languages of neighboring countries. The fonts were developed and released by ParaType in 2009 with financial support from Federal Agency of Print and Mass Communications of Russian Federation. Design - Alexandra Korolkova with assistance of Olga Umpeleva and supervision of Vladimir Yefimov.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W2.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W2.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W2:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W2
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W2
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W2; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W2:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W2
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W2
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W2; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NotoSansKannada.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/NotoSansKannada.ttc
      Typefaces:
        NotoSansKannada-Bold:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada Bold
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada Bold; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-SemiBold:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada SemiBold
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada SemiBold; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-ExtraBold:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada ExtraBold
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: ExtraBold
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada ExtraBold; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-Regular:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada Regular
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada Regular; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-ExtraLight:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada ExtraLight
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: ExtraLight
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada ExtraLight; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-Black:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada Black
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: Black
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada Black; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-Thin:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada Thin
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: Thin
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada Thin; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-Medium:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada Medium
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: Medium
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada Medium; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansKannada-Light:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Kannada Light
          Family: Noto Sans Kannada
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d1e7
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Kannada Light; 14.0d1e7; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Jelle Bosma - Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2018 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SourceCodePro-Black.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /Library/Fonts/SourceCodePro-Black.ttf
      Typefaces:
        SourceCodePro-Black:
          Full Name: Source Code Pro Black
          Family: Source Code Pro
          Style: Black
          Version: Version 1.010;PS Version 1.000;hotconv 1.0.70;makeotf.lib2.5.5900
          Vendor: Adobe Systems Incorporated
          Unique Name: 1.010;ADBE;SourceCodePro-Black;ADOBE
          Designer: Paul D. Hunt
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Source is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Hoefler Text Ornaments.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Hoefler Text Ornaments.ttf
      Typefaces:
        HoeflerText-Ornaments:
          Full Name: Hoefler Text Ornaments
          Family: Hoefler Text
          Style: Ornaments
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Hoefler Text Ornaments; 14.0d1e2; 2018-01-19
          Copyright: © Apple Inc., 1992-2007
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    PlantagenetCherokee.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/PlantagenetCherokee.ttf
      Typefaces:
        PlantagenetCherokee:
          Full Name: Plantagenet Cherokee
          Family: Plantagenet Cherokee
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Vendor: Tiro Typeworks
          Unique Name: Plantagenet Cherokee; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-14
          Designer: Ross Mills
          Copyright: Copyright (c) Tiro Typeworks, 2002. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Plantagenet Cherokee is a trademark of Tiro Typeworks.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    DIN Condensed Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/DIN Condensed Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        DINCondensed-Bold:
          Full Name: DIN Condensed Bold
          Family: DIN Condensed
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Unique Name: DIN Condensed Bold; 14.0d1e1; 2018-05-22
          Designer: Linotype Staff
          Copyright: Copyright © 1981, 2002 Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: DINSchrift
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W9.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W9.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W9:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W9
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W9
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W9; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.01, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W9:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W9
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W9
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W9; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.01, Copyright (c) 1993-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFNSMonoItalic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFNSMonoItalic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .SFNSMono-RegularItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic Regular Italic
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Regular Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic Medium Italic
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-LightItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic Light Italic
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Light Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-SemiboldItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic Semibold Italic
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Semibold Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic Bold Italic
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNSMono-HeavyItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic Heavy Italic
          Family: .SF NS Mono
          Style: Heavy Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Mono Light Italic; 16.0d2e1; 2020-06-30
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2016-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntDBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntDBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsD-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsD-Bold
          Family: STIXIntegralsD
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsD-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Futura.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Futura.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Futura-CondensedMedium:
          Full Name: Futura Condensed Medium
          Family: Futura
          Style: Condensed Medium
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Futura Condensed Medium; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Paul Renner (1928)
          Copyright: © Copyright 1998, Neufville Digital. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This font is licensed, not sold, and may not be reproduced without the written consent of Neufville Digital. Parts © Visualogik Technology & Design, 1998.
          Trademark: Futura is a registered trademark of Bauer Types SA. Unauthorised use prohibited. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Neufville Digital is a trademark of Visualogik, used with the permission of Neufville SL.
          Description: Paul Renner (1878-1956) was a painter, typographer, typeface designer and teacher. Between 1908 and 1917 he designed thousands of books for Munich publishers in a refined traditional style. In the early 1920s he began to support the modern styles of architecture and typography, becoming a leading proponent of the New Typography. Renner is best known for designing the typeface Futura, which became a standard tool for the New Typography, and remains a popular typeface today.  Futura does give a restful, almost bland impression, which accords with Renner's objectives. Futura seems classical, not only due to the form of its capitals, but also to the open, wide forms of the geometrical small letters. The typeface relies on notions of classical, yet contemporary form, - harmony and evenness of texture. Thanks to the modern digital technology Futura lives on in a greater variety than ever, offering a wide choice of typographic solutions for contemporary design in the new millennium.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Futura-CondensedExtraBold:
          Full Name: Futura Condensed ExtraBold
          Family: Futura
          Style: Condensed ExtraBold
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Futura Condensed ExtraBold; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Paul Renner (1928)
          Copyright: © Copyright 1998, Neufville Digital. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This font is licensed, not sold, and may not be reproduced without the written consent of Neufville Digital. Parts © Visualogik Technology & Design, 1998.
          Trademark: Futura is a registered trademark of Bauer Types SA. Unauthorised use prohibited. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Neufville Digital is a trademark of Visualogik, used with the permission of Neufville SL.
          Description: Paul Renner (1878-1956) was a painter, typographer, typeface designer and teacher. Between 1908 and 1917 he designed thousands of books for Munich publishers in a refined traditional style. In the early 1920s he began to support the modern styles of architecture and typography, becoming a leading proponent of the New Typography. Renner is best known for designing the typeface Futura, which became a standard tool for the New Typography, and remains a popular typeface today.  Futura does give a restful, almost bland impression, which accords with Renner's objectives. Futura seems classical, not only due to the form of its capitals, but also to the open, wide forms of the geometrical small letters. The typeface relies on notions of classical, yet contemporary form, - harmony and evenness of texture. Thanks to the modern digital technology Futura lives on in a greater variety than ever, offering a wide choice of typographic solutions for contemporary design in the new millennium.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Futura-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: Futura Medium Italic
          Family: Futura
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Futura Medium Italic; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Paul Renner (1928)
          Copyright: © Copyright 1998, Neufville Digital. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This font is licensed, not sold, and may not be reproduced without the written consent of Neufville Digital. Parts © Visualogik Technology & Design, 1998.
          Trademark: Futura is a registered trademark of Bauer Types SA. Unauthorised use prohibited. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Neufville Digital is a trademark of Visualogik, used with the permission of Neufville SL.
          Description: Paul Renner (1878-1956) was a painter, typographer, typeface designer and teacher. Between 1908 and 1917 he designed thousands of books for Munich publishers in a refined traditional style. In the early 1920s he began to support the modern styles of architecture and typography, becoming a leading proponent of the New Typography. Renner is best known for designing the typeface Futura, which became a standard tool for the New Typography, and remains a popular typeface today.  Futura does give a restful, almost bland impression, which accords with Renner's objectives. Futura seems classical, not only due to the form of its capitals, but also to the open, wide forms of the geometrical small letters. The typeface relies on notions of classical, yet contemporary form, - harmony and evenness of texture. Thanks to the modern digital technology Futura lives on in a greater variety than ever, offering a wide choice of typographic solutions for contemporary design in the new millennium.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Futura-Medium:
          Full Name: Futura Medium
          Family: Futura
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Futura Medium; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Paul Renner (1928)
          Copyright: © Copyright 1998, Neufville Digital. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This font is licensed, not sold, and may not be reproduced without the written consent of Neufville Digital. Parts © Visualogik Technology & Design, 1998.
          Trademark: Futura is a registered trademark of Bauer Types SA. Unauthorised use prohibited. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Neufville Digital is a trademark of Visualogik, used with the permission of Neufville SL.
          Description: Paul Renner (1878-1956) was a painter, typographer, typeface designer and teacher. Between 1908 and 1917 he designed thousands of books for Munich publishers in a refined traditional style. In the early 1920s he began to support the modern styles of architecture and typography, becoming a leading proponent of the New Typography. Renner is best known for designing the typeface Futura, which became a standard tool for the New Typography, and remains a popular typeface today. Futura does give a restful, almost bland impression, which accords with Renner's objectives. Futura seems classical, not only due to the form of its capitals, but also to the open, wide forms of the geometrical small letters. The typeface relies on notions of classical, yet contemporary form, - harmony and evenness of texture.  Thanks to the modern digital technology Futura lives on in a greater variety than ever, offering a wide choice of typographic solutions for contemporary design in the new millennium.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Futura-Bold:
          Full Name: Futura Bold
          Family: Futura
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Futura Bold; 16.0d2e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Paul Renner (1928), Marie-Thérèse Koreman (1997, 2016)
          Copyright: © Copyright 1998, 2016 Neufville Digital. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This font is licensed, not sold, and may not be reproduced without the written consent of Neufville Digital. Parts © Visualogik Technology & Design, 1998, 2016.
          Trademark: Futura is a registered trademark of Bauer Types SA. Unauthorised use prohibited. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Neufville Digital is a trademark of Visualogik, used with the permission of Neufville SL.
          Description: Paul Renner (1878-1956) was a painter, typographer, typeface designer and teacher. Between 1908 and 1917 he designed thousands of books for Munich publishers in a refined traditional style. In the early 1920s he began to support the modern styles of architecture and typography, becoming a leading proponent of the New Typography. Renner is best known for designing the typeface Futura, which became a standard tool for the New Typography, and remains a popular typeface today. Futura does give a restful, almost bland impression, which accords with Renner's objectives. Futura seems classical, not only due to the form of its capitals, but also to the open, wide forms of the geometrical small letters. The typeface relies on notions of classical, yet contemporary form, - harmony and evenness of texture.  Thanks to the modern digital technology Futura lives on in a greater variety than ever, offering a wide choice of typographic solutions for contemporary design in the new millennium. In 2016 the Visualogik Design Staff, headed by Marie-Thérèse Koreman, developed completely new character sets for greek and cyrillic, true to the Renner ideas and the early considerations of the Bauersche Giesserei, with a special eye for contemporary digital demands.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Bangla MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Bangla MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        BanglaMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Bangla MN Bold
          Family: Bangla MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Bangla MN Bold; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Bangla MN Bold is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        BanglaMN:
          Full Name: Bangla MN
          Family: Bangla MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Bangla MN; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Bangla MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Symbols.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Symbols.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleSymbols:
          Full Name: Apple Symbols
          Family: Apple Symbols
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d4e1
          Unique Name: Apple Symbols; 16.0d4e1; 2020-09-25
          Copyright: © Copyright 2003-2006 by Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Courier New.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Courier New.ttf
      Typefaces:
        CourierNewPSMT:
          Full Name: Courier New
          Family: Courier New
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00.2x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Courier New:version 5.00 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Howard Kettler
          Copyright: © 2008 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Courier New is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Telugu MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Telugu MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        TeluguMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Telugu MN Bold
          Family: Telugu MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Telugu MN Bold; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Telugu MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        TeluguMN:
          Full Name: Telugu MN
          Family: Telugu MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Telugu MN; 14.0d1e2; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Telugu MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFCompactItalic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFCompactItalic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .SFCompact-RegularItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-RegularItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Regular Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Regular Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-MediumItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Medium Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Medium Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-LightItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Light Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Light Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-ThinItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Thin Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Thin Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-UltralightItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Ultralight Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Ultralight Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-SemiboldItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Semibold Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Semibold Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BoldItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Bold Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Bold Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyItalicG1:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy Italic G1
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy Italic G1
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyItalicG2:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy Italic G2
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy Italic G2
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyItalicG3:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy Italic G3
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy Italic G3
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-HeavyItalicG4:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Heavy Italic G4
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Heavy Italic G4
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompact-BlackItalic:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Black Italic
          Family: .SF Compact
          Style: Black Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Black Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Chalkduster.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Chalkduster.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Chalkduster:
          Full Name: Chalkduster
          Family: Chalkduster
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Chalkduster; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-06
          Copyright: Copyright 2008 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Hiragino Sans GB.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Hiragino Sans GB.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSansGB-W6:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans GB W6
          Family: Hiragino Sans GB
          Style: W6
          Version: 13.0d2e3
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans GB W6; 13.0d2e3; 2017-06-23
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver3.20, Copyright © 2007-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HiraginoSansGB-W3:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans GB W3
          Family: Hiragino Sans GB
          Style: W3
          Version: 13.0d2e3
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans GB W3; 13.0d2e3; 2017-06-23
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver3.20, Copyright © 2007-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraginoSansGBInterface-W3:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Sans GB Interface W3
          Family: .Hiragino Sans GB Interface
          Style: W3
          Version: 13.0d2e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Sans GB Interface W3; 13.0d2e3; 2017-06-23
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver3.20, Copyright © 2007-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraginoSansGBInterface-W6:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Sans GB Interface W6
          Family: .Hiragino Sans GB Interface
          Style: W6
          Version: 13.0d2e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Sans GB Interface W6; 13.0d2e3; 2017-06-23
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver3.20, Copyright © 2007-2013 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Osaka.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/AssetsV2/com_apple_MobileAsset_Font6/47405a357e3ac82b7afbf33f535962172e3e3d10.asset/AssetData/Osaka.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Osaka:
          Full Name: Osaka
          Family: Osaka
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Osaka; 16.0d1e2; 2020-04-21
          Copyright: ver J-6.1d3e1, © 1990-2008 Apple Inc.
          Trademark: HeiseiKakuGothic is a typeface developed under the license agreement with JSA Font Development and Promotion Center
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    HelveLTMM:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/HelveLTMM
      Typefaces:
        HelveticaLTMM:
          Full Name: .Helvetica LT MM
          Family: .Helvetica LT MM
          Style: Regular
          Version: 1.006
          Unique Name: .Helvetica LT MM
          Copyright: Part of the digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing the Typefaces provided is copyrighted (c) 1988, 1990, 1991, 2002-2004 Linotype Library GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved. This software is the 
          Trademark: Helvetica is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusively licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a whplly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Farah.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Farah.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Farah:
          Full Name: Farah Regular
          Family: Farah
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e3
          Unique Name: Farah Regular; 13.0d2e3; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .FarahPUA:
          Full Name: .Farah PUA
          Family: .Farah PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e3
          Unique Name: .Farah PUA; 13.0d2e3; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ArialMT:
          Full Name: Arial
          Family: Arial
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.01.2x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Arial Regular:Version 5.01 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders 1982
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Geneva.dfont:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Geneva.dfont
      Typefaces:
        Geneva:
          Full Name: Geneva
          Family: Geneva
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Geneva; 13.0d2e1; 2017-10-05
          Copyright: © 1990-2016 Apple Inc. © 1990-98 Type Solutions Inc. © 1990-98 The Font Bureau Inc.  TrueType outline design of Geneva typeface created by Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Bold.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Bold.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Arial-BoldMT:
          Full Name: Arial Bold
          Family: Arial
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 5.01.2x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Arial Bold:Version 5.01 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders 1982
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Chancery.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Apple Chancery.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Apple-Chancery:
          Full Name: Apple Chancery
          Family: Apple Chancery
          Style: Chancery
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Apple Chancery; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-08
          Copyright: © 1993-1999 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Trademark: Apple Chancery is a trademark of Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXSizFourSymBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXSizFourSymBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXSizeFourSym-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXSizeFourSym-Bold
          Family: STIXSizeFourSym
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXSizeFourSym-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Arial-ItalicMT:
          Full Name: Arial Italic
          Family: Arial
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 5.00.2x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Arial Regular Italic:Version 3.14 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders 1982
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STHeiti Medium.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/STHeiti Medium.ttc
      Typefaces:
        STHeitiTC-Medium:
          Full Name: Heiti TC Medium
          Family: Heiti TC
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Vendor: SinoType
          Unique Name: Heiti TC Medium; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000-2007, Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STHeiti TC and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        STHeitiSC-Medium:
          Full Name: Heiti SC Medium
          Family: Heiti SC
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Vendor: SinoType
          Unique Name: Heiti SC Medium; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2000-2007, Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.  All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STHeiti SC and SinoType are trademarks of Changzhou SinoType Technology Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    GeezaPro.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/GeezaPro.ttc
      Typefaces:
        GeezaPro-Bold:
          Full Name: Geeza Pro Bold
          Family: Geeza Pro
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Geeza Pro Bold; 14.0d1e4; 2017-12-05
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1992-2009 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GeezaPro:
          Full Name: Geeza Pro Regular
          Family: Geeza Pro
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Geeza Pro Regular; 14.0d1e4; 2017-12-05
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1992-2009 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .GeezaProInterface:
          Full Name: .Geeza Pro Interface Regular
          Family: .Geeza Pro Interface
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Geeza Pro Interface Regular; 14.0d1e4; 2017-12-05
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1992-2009 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .GeezaProInterface-Light:
          Full Name: .Geeza Pro Interface Light
          Family: .Geeza Pro Interface
          Style: Light
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Geeza Pro Interface Light; 14.0d1e4; 2017-12-05
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1992-2009 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .GeezaProInterface-Bold:
          Full Name: .Geeza Pro Interface Bold
          Family: .Geeza Pro Interface
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Geeza Pro Interface Bold; 14.0d1e4; 2017-12-05
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1992-2009 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .GeezaProPUA:
          Full Name: .Geeza Pro PUA
          Family: .Geeza Pro PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Geeza Pro PUA; 14.0d1e4; 2017-12-05
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1992-2009 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .GeezaProPUA-Bold:
          Full Name: .Geeza Pro PUA Bold
          Family: .Geeza Pro PUA
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Geeza Pro PUA Bold; 14.0d1e4; 2017-12-05
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1992-2009 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Mishafi.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Mishafi.ttf
      Typefaces:
        DiwanMishafi:
          Full Name: Mishafi Regular
          Family: Mishafi
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Mishafi Regular; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 1998-2000 Diwan Software Ltd. All rights reserved
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntUpReg.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntUpReg.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsUp-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsUp-Regular
          Family: STIXIntegralsUp
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsUp-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Bodoni Ornaments.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Bodoni Ornaments.ttf
      Typefaces:
        BodoniOrnamentsITCTT:
          Full Name: Bodoni Ornaments
          Family: Bodoni Ornaments
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni Ornaments; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1995?1997 International Typeface Corporation  All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SourceCodePro-ExtraLight.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /Library/Fonts/SourceCodePro-ExtraLight.ttf
      Typefaces:
        SourceCodePro-ExtraLight:
          Full Name: Source Code Pro ExtraLight
          Family: Source Code Pro
          Style: ExtraLight
          Version: Version 1.010;PS Version 1.000;hotconv 1.0.70;makeotf.lib2.5.5900
          Vendor: Adobe Systems Incorporated
          Unique Name: 1.010;ADBE;SourceCodePro-ExtraLight;ADOBE
          Designer: Paul D. Hunt
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Source is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Baskerville.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Baskerville.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Baskerville-SemiBold:
          Full Name: Baskerville SemiBold
          Family: Baskerville
          Style: SemiBold
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Unique Name: Baskerville SemiBold; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright \uFFA9  2000 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. Monotype Baskerville\uFFAA  is a trademark of Agfa Monotype Corporation.
          Trademark: Monotype Baskerville\uFFAA  is a trademark of Agfa Monotype Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Baskerville-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Baskerville Bold Italic
          Family: Baskerville
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Unique Name: Baskerville Bold Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-15
          Designer: John Baskerville
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright Monotype Typography, Ltd 1991-1997. All rights reserved. Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: -
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Baskerville-Bold:
          Full Name: Baskerville Bold
          Family: Baskerville
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Unique Name: Baskerville Bold; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-15
          Designer: John Baskerville
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright Monotype Typography, Ltd 1991-1997. All rights reserved. Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: -
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Baskerville:
          Full Name: Baskerville
          Family: Baskerville
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Unique Name: Baskerville; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-15
          Designer: John Baskerville
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright Monotype Typography, Ltd 1991-1997. All rights reserved. Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: -
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Baskerville-Italic:
          Full Name: Baskerville Italic
          Family: Baskerville
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Unique Name: Baskerville Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-15
          Designer: John Baskerville
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright Monotype Typography, Ltd 1991-1997. All rights reserved. Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Monotype Baskerville\u2122  is a trademark of Monotype Typography, Ltd which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: -
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Baskerville-SemiBoldItalic:
          Full Name: Baskerville SemiBold Italic
          Family: Baskerville
          Style: SemiBold Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e10
          Unique Name: Baskerville SemiBold Italic; 13.0d1e10; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright \uFFA9  2000 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. Monotype Baskerville\uFFAA  is a trademark of Agfa Monotype Corporation.
          Trademark: Monotype Baskerville\uFFAA  is a trademark of Agfa Monotype Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFNS.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .SFNS-Regular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-RegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-RegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-RegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-RegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Medium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-MediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-MediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-MediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-MediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Light:
          Full Name: .SF NS Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-LightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-LightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-LightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-LightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Thin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Semibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Bold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-BoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-BoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-BoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-BoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Heavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-HeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-HeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-HeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-HeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-Black:
          Full Name: .SF NS Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiExpandedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Expanded Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Expanded Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiCondensedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semi Condensed Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semi Condensed Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExpandedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Expanded Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Expanded Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraExpandedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Expanded Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Expanded Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedRegular:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Regular
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Regular
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedRegularG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Regular G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Regular G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedRegularG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Regular G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Regular G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedRegularG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Regular G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Regular G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedRegularG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Regular G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Regular G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedMedium:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Medium
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Medium
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedMediumG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Medium G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Medium G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedMediumG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Medium G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Medium G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedMediumG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Medium G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Medium G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedMediumG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Medium G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Medium G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedLight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Light
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Light
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedLightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Light G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Light G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedLightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Light G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Light G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedLightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Light G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Light G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedLightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Light G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Light G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedThin:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Thin
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Thin
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedThinG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Thin G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Thin G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedThinG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Thin G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Thin G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedThinG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Thin G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Thin G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedThinG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Thin G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Thin G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedUltralight:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Ultralight
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedUltralightG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Ultralight G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Ultralight G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedUltralightG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Ultralight G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Ultralight G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedUltralightG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Ultralight G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Ultralight G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedUltralightG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Ultralight G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Ultralight G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedSemibold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Semibold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Semibold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedSemiboldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Semibold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Semibold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedSemiboldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Semibold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Semibold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedSemiboldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Semibold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Semibold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedSemiboldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Semibold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Semibold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedBold:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Bold
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Bold
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedBoldG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Bold G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Bold G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedBoldG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Bold G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Bold G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedBoldG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Bold G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Bold G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedBoldG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Bold G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Bold G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedHeavy:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Heavy
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Heavy
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedHeavyG1:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Heavy G1
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Heavy G1
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedHeavyG2:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Heavy G2
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Heavy G2
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedHeavyG3:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Heavy G3
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Heavy G3
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedHeavyG4:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Heavy G4
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Heavy G4
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CondensedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Condensed Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Condensed Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-CompressedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Compressed Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Compressed Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ExtraCompressedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Extra Compressed Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Extra Compressed Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltraCompressedBlack:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultra Compressed Black
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultra Compressed Black
          Version: 16.0d19e4
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS; 16.0d19e4; 2020-11-14
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Myanmar Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Myanmar Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        MyanmarSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Myanmar Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Myanmar Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e8
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Myanmar Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d1e8; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Myanmar MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        MyanmarSangamMN:
          Full Name: Myanmar Sangam MN
          Family: Myanmar Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e8
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Myanmar Sangam MN; 14.0d1e8; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Myanmar Sangam MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2010 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Trebuchet MS Bold Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Trebuchet MS Bold Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Trebuchet-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Trebuchet MS Bold Italic
          Family: Trebuchet MS
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Trebuchet Bold Italic
          Designer: Vincent Connare
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Description: Trebuchet, designed by Vincent Connare in 1996, is a humanist sans serif designed for easy screen readability. Trebuchet takes its inspiration from the sans serifs of the 1930s which had large x heights and round features intended to promote readability on signs. The typeface name is credited to a puzzle heard at Microsoft, where the question was asked, "could you build a Trebuchet (a form of medieval catapult) to launch a person from the main campus to the consumer campus, and how?" The Trebuchet fonts are intended to be the vehicle that fires your messages across the Internet. "Launch your message with a Trebuchet page".
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Bodoni 72.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Bodoni 72.ttc
      Typefaces:
        BodoniSvtyTwoITCTT-Bold:
          Full Name: Bodoni 72 Bold
          Family: Bodoni 72
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni 72 Bold; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITC Bodoni is a trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        BodoniSvtyTwoITCTT-Book:
          Full Name: Bodoni 72 Book
          Family: Bodoni 72
          Style: Book
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni 72 Book; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITC Bodoni is a trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        BodoniSvtyTwoITCTT-BookIta:
          Full Name: Bodoni 72 Book Italic
          Family: Bodoni 72
          Style: Book Italic
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Bodoni 72 Book Italic; 13.0d2e1; 2017-07-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1997 International Typeface Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: ITC Bodoni is a trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Sinhala MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Sinhala MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        SinhalaMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Sinhala MN Bold
          Family: Sinhala MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Sinhala MN Bold; 14.0d1e1; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Sinhala MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SinhalaMN:
          Full Name: Sinhala MN
          Family: Sinhala MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Sinhala MN; 14.0d1e1; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Sinhala MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Telugu Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Telugu Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        TeluguSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Telugu Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Telugu Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Telugu Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d1e4; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Telugu Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        TeluguSangamMN:
          Full Name: Telugu Sangam MN
          Family: Telugu Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e4
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Telugu Sangam MN; 14.0d1e4; 2018-02-25
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Telugu Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2004 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Baghdad.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Baghdad.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Baghdad:
          Full Name: Baghdad Regular
          Family: Baghdad
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e5
          Unique Name: Baghdad Regular; 13.0d1e5; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: Baghdad designed by Diwan Software Ltd. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .BaghdadPUA:
          Full Name: .Baghdad PUA
          Family: .Baghdad PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e5
          Unique Name: .Baghdad PUA; 13.0d1e5; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: Baghdad designed by Diwan Software Ltd. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Skia.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Skia.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Skia-Regular_Extended:
          Full Name: Skia Extended
          Family: Skia
          Style: Extended
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Light-Extended:
          Full Name: Skia Light Extended
          Family: Skia
          Style: Light Extended
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Light:
          Full Name: Skia Light
          Family: Skia
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Bold:
          Full Name: Skia Bold
          Family: Skia
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular:
          Full Name: Skia Regular
          Family: Skia
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Black-Condensed:
          Full Name: Skia Black Condensed
          Family: Skia
          Style: Black Condensed
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Black-Extended:
          Full Name: Skia Black Extended
          Family: Skia
          Style: Black Extended
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Light-Condensed:
          Full Name: Skia Light Condensed
          Family: Skia
          Style: Light Condensed
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Black:
          Full Name: Skia Black
          Family: Skia
          Style: Black
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Skia-Regular_Condensed:
          Full Name: Skia Condensed
          Family: Skia
          Style: Condensed
          Version: 13.0d1e54
          Unique Name: Skia; 13.0d1e54; 2017-06-21
          Copyright: © 1993-2014 Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Bold Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Bold Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Arial-BoldItalicMT:
          Full Name: Arial Bold Italic
          Family: Arial
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 5.00.2x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Arial Bold Italic:version 3.14 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders 1982
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFCompactRounded.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFCompactRounded.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ..SFCompactRounded-Regular:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Regular
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Regular:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Regular
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Medium:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Medium
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Light:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Light
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Thin:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Thin
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Ultralight:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Ultralight
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Ultralight
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Semibold:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Semibold
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Bold:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Bold
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Heavy:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Heavy
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Heavy
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFCompactRounded-Black:
          Full Name: .SF Compact Rounded Black
          Family: .SF Compact Rounded
          Style: Black
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF Compact Rounded; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Wingdings.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Wingdings.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Wingdings-Regular:
          Full Name: Wingdings
          Family: Wingdings
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: Microsoft Typography
          Unique Name: Wingdings Regular: MS: 2006
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Wingdings is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. 
          Description: The Wingdings fonts were designed by Kris Holmes and Charles Bigelow in 1990 and 1991. 

The fonts were originally named Lucida Icons, Arrows, and Stars to complement the Lucida text font family by the same designers. Renamed, reorganized, and released in 1992 as Microsoft Wingdings, the three fonts provide a harmoniously designed set of icons representing the common components of personal computer systems and the elements of graphical user interfaces. 

There are icons for PC, monitor, keyboard, mouse, trackball, hard drive, diskette, tape cassette, printer, fax, etc., as well as icons for file folders, documents, mail, mailboxes, windows, clipboard, and wastebasket. In addition, Wingdings includes icons with both traditional and computer significance, such as writing tools and hands, reading glasses, clipping scissors, bell, bomb, check boxes, as well as more traditional images such as weather signs, religious symbols, astrological signs, encircled numerals, a selection of ampersands and interrobangs, plus elegant flowers and flourishes. 

Pointing and indicating are frequent functions in graphical interfaces, so in addition to a wide selection of pointing hands, the Wingdings fonts also offer arrows in careful gradations of weight and different directions and styles. For variety and impact as bullets, asterisks, and ornaments, Windings also offers a varied set of geometric circles, squares, polygons, targets, and stars.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Palatino.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Palatino.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Palatino-Bold:
          Full Name: Palatino Bold
          Family: Palatino
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d2e2
          Unique Name: Palatino Bold; 15.0d2e2; 2019-07-01
          Copyright: Copyright © 1991-99, 2006 Apple Computer, Inc. Copyright © 1991-92 Type Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Palatino is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Palatino-Roman:
          Full Name: Palatino
          Family: Palatino
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d2e2
          Unique Name: Palatino; 15.0d2e2; 2019-07-01
          Copyright: Copyright © 1991-99, 2006 Apple Computer, Inc. Copyright © 1991-92 Type Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Palatino is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Palatino-Italic:
          Full Name: Palatino Italic
          Family: Palatino
          Style: Italic
          Version: 15.0d2e2
          Unique Name: Palatino Italic; 15.0d2e2; 2019-07-01
          Copyright: Copyright © 1991-99, 2006 Apple Computer, Inc. Copyright © 1991-92 Type Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Palatino is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Palatino-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Palatino Bold Italic
          Family: Palatino
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 15.0d2e2
          Unique Name: Palatino Bold Italic; 15.0d2e2; 2019-07-01
          Copyright: Copyright © 1991-99, 2006 Apple Computer, Inc. Copyright © 1991-92 Type Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Palatino is a registered trademark of Linotype AG
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Diwan Kufi.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Diwan Kufi.ttc
      Typefaces:
        DiwanKufi:
          Full Name: Diwan Kufi Regular
          Family: Diwan Kufi
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: Diwan Kufi Regular; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .DiwanKufiPUA:
          Full Name: .Diwan Kufi PUA
          Family: .Diwan Kufi PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d2e1
          Unique Name: .Diwan Kufi PUA; 13.0d2e1; 2017-06-27
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXNonUni.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXNonUni.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXNonUnicode-Regular:
          Full Name: STIXNonUnicode-Regular
          Family: STIXNonUnicode
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXNonUnicode-Regular:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Braille Pinpoint 6 Dot.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Braille Pinpoint 6 Dot.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleBraille-Pinpoint6Dot:
          Full Name: Apple Braille Pinpoint 6 Dot
          Family: Apple Braille
          Style: Pinpoint 6 Dot
          Version: 13.0d2e27
          Unique Name: Apple Braille Pinpoint 6 Dot; 13.0d2e27; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: © Copyright 2007 by Apple, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W0.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W0.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W0:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W0
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W0
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W0; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: Yokokaku, Kunihiko Okano and JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 2014-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W0:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W0
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W0
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W0; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 2014 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    BigCaslon.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/BigCaslon.ttf
      Typefaces:
        BigCaslon-Medium:
          Full Name: Big Caslon Medium
          Family: Big Caslon
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e11
          Unique Name: Big Caslon Medium; 13.0d1e11; 2017-06-07
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1994 Carter & Cone Type, Inc. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is the property of Carter & Cone Type, Inc. and their licensors and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Carter & Cone Type, Inc.
          Trademark: "Big Caslon" is a Trademark of Carter & Cone Type, Inc. which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Krungthep.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Krungthep.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Krungthep:
          Full Name: Krungthep
          Family: Krungthep
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Krungthep; 14.0d1e1; 2017-11-02
          Copyright: © 1992-2003 Apple Computer, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ArialHB.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ArialHB.ttc
      Typefaces:
        ArialHebrew-Light:
          Full Name: Arial Hebrew Light
          Family: Arial Hebrew
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Arial Hebrew Light; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © Data 1993 Monotype Typography ltd. / Type Solutions Inc. 1993 All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM Off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ArialHebrew-Bold:
          Full Name: Arial Hebrew Bold
          Family: Arial Hebrew
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Arial Hebrew Bold; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © Data 1993 Monotype Typography ltd. / Type Solutions Inc. 1993 All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM Off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ArialHebrewScholar:
          Full Name: Arial Hebrew Scholar
          Family: Arial Hebrew Scholar
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Arial Hebrew Scholar; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd, Type Solutions Inc 1990-1993. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ArialHebrewScholar-Light:
          Full Name: Arial Hebrew Scholar Light
          Family: Arial Hebrew Scholar
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Arial Hebrew Scholar Light; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © Data 1993 Monotype Typography ltd. / Type Solutions Inc. 1993 All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM Off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ArialHebrew:
          Full Name: Arial Hebrew
          Family: Arial Hebrew
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Arial Hebrew; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd, Type Solutions Inc 1990-1993. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        ArialHebrewScholar-Bold:
          Full Name: Arial Hebrew Scholar Bold
          Family: Arial Hebrew Scholar
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: Arial Hebrew Scholar Bold; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © Data 1993 Monotype Typography ltd. / Type Solutions Inc. 1993 All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM Off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArialHebrewDeskInterface:
          Full Name: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface
          Family: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Typeface © Monotype Typography ltd. Data © Monotype Typography ltd, Type Solutions Inc 1990-1993. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArialHebrewDeskInterface-Light:
          Full Name: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface Light
          Family: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface Light; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © Data 1993 Monotype Typography ltd. / Type Solutions Inc. 1993 All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM Off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .ArialHebrewDeskInterface-Bold:
          Full Name: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface Bold
          Family: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e1
          Unique Name: .Arial Hebrew Desk Interface Bold; 13.0d1e1; 2017-06-17
          Copyright: Copyright © Data 1993 Monotype Typography ltd. / Type Solutions Inc. 1993 All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Arial‭ ‬‮)‬‭ ‬is a Trademark of The Monotype Corporation registered in the US Pat‭ ‬&‭ ‬TM Off‭. ‬and elsewhere‭.‬
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    HelveticaNeue.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/HelveticaNeue.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HelveticaNeue-CondensedBold:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Condensed Bold
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Condensed Bold
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Condensed Bold; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-Bold:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Bold
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Bold; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-Thin:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Thin
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Thin
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Thin; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Designer: Linotype Design Studio
          Copyright: Part of the digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing the Typefaces provided is copyrighted © 2008 - 2009 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved. This software is the property of Linotype GmbH, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Linotype GmbH.  The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems. All Rights Reserved. This software is the property of Adobe Systems Incorporated and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Adobe. Helvetica is a trademark of Linotype Corp. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions in the name of Linotype Corp. or its licensee Linotype GmbH. This typeface is original artwork of Linotype Design Studio. The design may be protected in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a trademark of Linotype Corp. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions in the name of Linotype Corp. or its licensee Linotype GmbH.
          Description: The Helvetica Font Family is part of the Linotype Originals. Helvetica is one of the most famous and popular typefaces in the world. It lends an air of lucid efficiency to any typographic message with its clean, no-nonsense shapes. The original typeface was called Neue Haas Grotesk, and was designed in 1957 by Max Miedinger for the Haas'sche Schriftgiesserei (Haas Type Foundry) in Switzerland. In 1960 the name was changed to Helvetica (an adaptation of "Helvetia", the Latin name for Switzerland). Over the years, the Helvetica family was expanded to include many different weights, but these were not as well coordinated with each other as they might have been. In 1983, D. Stempel AG and Linotype re-designed and digitized Neue Helvetica and updated it into a cohesive font family. At the beginning of the 21st Century, Linotype again released an updated design of Helvetica, the Helvetica World typeface family. This family is much smaller in terms of its number of fonts, but each font makes up for this in terms of language support. Helvetica World supports a number of languages and writing systems from all over the globe
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-Italic:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Italic
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Italic
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Italic; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-LightItalic:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Light Italic
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Light Italic
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Light Italic; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-ThinItalic:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Thin Italic
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Thin Italic
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Vendor: Linotype GmbH
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Thin Italic; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Designer: Linotype Design Studio
          Copyright: Part of the digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing the Typefaces provided is copyrighted © 2008 - 2009 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved. This software is the property of Linotype GmbH, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Linotype GmbH.  The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is copyrighted (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems. All Rights Reserved. This software is the property of Adobe Systems Incorporated and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Adobe. Helvetica is a trademark of Linotype Corp. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions in the name of Linotype Corp. or its licensee Linotype GmbH. This typeface is original artwork of Linotype Design Studio. The design may be protected in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a trademark of Linotype Corp. registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and may be registered in certain other jurisdictions in the name of Linotype Corp. or its licensee Linotype GmbH.
          Description: The Helvetica Font Family is part of the Linotype Originals. Helvetica is one of the most famous and popular typefaces in the world. It lends an air of lucid efficiency to any typographic message with its clean, no-nonsense shapes. The original typeface was called Neue Haas Grotesk, and was designed in 1957 by Max Miedinger for the Haas'sche Schriftgiesserei (Haas Type Foundry) in Switzerland. In 1960 the name was changed to Helvetica (an adaptation of "Helvetia", the Latin name for Switzerland). Over the years, the Helvetica family was expanded to include many different weights, but these were not as well coordinated with each other as they might have been. In 1983, D. Stempel AG and Linotype re-designed and digitized Neue Helvetica and updated it into a cohesive font family. At the beginning of the 21st Century, Linotype again released an updated design of Helvetica, the Helvetica World typeface family. This family is much smaller in terms of its number of fonts, but each font makes up for this in terms of language support. Helvetica World supports a number of languages and writing systems from all over the globe
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Medium Italic
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Medium Italic; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Designer: Linotype Design Studio
          Copyright: Part of the digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing the Typefaces provided is copyrighted © 2003 - 2006 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved. This software is the property of Linotype GmbH, and may not be reproduced, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Linotype GmbH. Copyright © 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved. Helvetica is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. This typeface is original artwork of Linotype Design Studio. The design may be protected in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-Medium:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Medium
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Medium
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Medium; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Designer: Linotype Design Studio
          Copyright: Part of the digitally encoded machine readable outline data for producing the Typefaces provided is copyrighted © 2003 - 2006 Linotype GmbH, www.linotype.com. All rights reserved. This software is the property of Linotype GmbH, and may not be reproduced, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Linotype GmbH. Copyright © 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved. Helvetica is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. This typeface is original artwork of Linotype Design Studio. The design may be protected in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Helvetica is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, exclusively licensed through Linotype GmbH, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Bold Italic
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Bold Italic; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-CondensedBlack:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Condensed Black
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Condensed Black
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Condensed Black; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-Light:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue Light
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue Light; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Designer: Linotype Design Studio
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-UltraLightItalic:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue UltraLight Italic
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: UltraLight Italic
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue UltraLight Italic; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HelveticaNeue-UltraLight:
          Full Name: Helvetica Neue UltraLight
          Family: Helvetica Neue
          Style: UltraLight
          Version: 16.0d4e3
          Unique Name: Helvetica Neue UltraLight; 16.0d4e3; 2020-07-15
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Helvetica Neue" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: Helvetica (Latin for Swiss) has the objective and functional style which was associated with Swiss typography in the 1950s and 1960s. It is perfect for international correspondence: no ornament, no emotion, just clear presentation of information. Helvetica is still one of the best selling sans-serif fonts.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Gujarati Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Gujarati Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        GujaratiSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Gujarati Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Gujarati Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Gujarati Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d2e1; 2018-03-29
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gujarati Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GujaratiSangamMN:
          Full Name: Gujarati Sangam MN
          Family: Gujarati Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d2e1
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Gujarati Sangam MN; 14.0d2e1; 2018-03-29
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gujarati Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Hoefler Text.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Hoefler Text.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HoeflerText-BlackItalic:
          Full Name: Hoefler Text Black Italic
          Family: Hoefler Text
          Style: Black Italic
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Hoefler Text Black Italic; 14.0d1e2; 2018-01-19
          Copyright: © 1992-2007 Apple Inc.
          Trademark: Hoefler Text is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HoeflerText-Italic:
          Full Name: Hoefler Text Italic
          Family: Hoefler Text
          Style: Italic
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: Hoefler Text Italic; 14.0d1e2; 2018-01-19
          Copyright: © 1992-2007 Apple Inc.
          Trademark: Hoefler Text is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HoeflerText-Regular:
          Full Name: Hoefler Text
          Family: Hoefler Text
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Hoefler Text; 14.0d1e2; 2018-01-19
          Copyright: © 1992-2007 Apple Inc.
          Trademark: Hoefler Text is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        HoeflerText-Black:
          Full Name: Hoefler Text Black
          Family: Hoefler Text
          Style: Black
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Hoefler Text Black; 14.0d1e2; 2018-01-19
          Copyright: © 1992-2007 Apple Inc.
          Trademark: Hoefler Text is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W7.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W7.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W7:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W7
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W7
          Version: 15.0d1e6
          Vendor: Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W7; 15.0d1e6; 2019-12-18
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.00, Copyright (c) 1993-2007 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W7:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W7
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W7
          Version: 15.0d1e6
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W7; 15.0d1e6; 2019-12-18
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.00, Copyright (c) 1993-2007 Dainippon Screen Mfg. Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Braille Outline 8 Dot.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Braille Outline 8 Dot.ttf
      Typefaces:
        AppleBraille-Outline8Dot:
          Full Name: Apple Braille Outline 8 Dot
          Family: Apple Braille
          Style: Outline 8 Dot
          Version: 13.0d2e27
          Unique Name: Apple Braille Outline 8 Dot; 13.0d2e27; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: © Copyright 2007 by Apple, Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Tahoma.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Tahoma.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Tahoma:
          Full Name: Tahoma
          Family: Tahoma
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.01.2x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Tahoma Regular
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Tahoma is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntUpBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntUpBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsUp-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsUp-Bold
          Family: STIXIntegralsUp
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsUp-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SFNSItalic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/SFNSItalic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        .SFNS-RegularItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Regular Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Regular Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-MediumItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Medium Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Medium Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-LightItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Light Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Light Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-ThinItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Thin Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Thin Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-UltralightItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Ultralight Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Ultralight Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-SemiboldItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Semibold Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Semibold Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Bold Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-HeavyItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Heavy Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Heavy Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SFNS-BlackItalic:
          Full Name: .SF NS Black Italic
          Family: .SF NS
          Style: Black Italic
          Version: 16.0d15e3
          Vendor: Apple Inc.
          Unique Name: .SF NS Italic; 16.0d15e3; 2020-09-15
          Designer: Apple Inc.
          Copyright: © 2015-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: San Francisco is a trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Apple Inc.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Sana.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Sana.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Sana:
          Full Name: Sana Regular
          Family: Sana
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: Sana Regular; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .SanaPUA:
          Full Name: .Sana PUA
          Family: .Sana PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e4
          Unique Name: .Sana PUA; 13.0d1e4; 2017-06-28
          Copyright: © 2001 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Kailasa.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Kailasa.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Kailasa:
          Full Name: Kailasa Regular
          Family: Kailasa
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Vendor: Steve Hartwell & Shojiro Nomura
          Unique Name: Kailasa Regular; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Yoichi Fukuda, Steve Hartwell & Shojiro Nomura
          Copyright: Copyright © Otani University Shin Buddhist Research Institute, 2006. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Kailasa-Bold:
          Full Name: Kailasa Bold
          Family: Kailasa
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d1e1
          Vendor: Steve Hartwell & Shojiro Nomura
          Unique Name: Kailasa Bold; 16.0d1e1; 2020-07-06
          Designer: Yoichi Fukuda, Steve Hartwell & Shojiro Nomura
          Copyright: Copyright © Otani University Shin Buddhist Research Institute, 2006. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXIntSmBol.otf:

      Kind: PostScript
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXIntSmBol.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXIntegralsSm-Bold:
          Full Name: STIXIntegralsSm-Bold
          Family: STIXIntegralsSm
          Style: Bold
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXIntegralsSm-Bold:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Kefa.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Kefa.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Kefa-Regular:
          Full Name: Kefa Regular
          Family: Kefa
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Vendor: Jeremie Hornus
          Unique Name: Kefa Regular; 13.0d1e3; 2017-07-12
          Designer: Jeremie Hornus
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2006 - 2009 by Jeremie Hornus. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kefa is a trademark of Jeremie Hornus.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Kefa-Bold:
          Full Name: Kefa Bold
          Family: Kefa
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Vendor: Jeremie Hornus
          Unique Name: Kefa Bold; 13.0d1e3; 2017-07-12
          Designer: Jeremie Hornus
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2006 - 2009 by Jeremie Hornus. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kefa is a trademark of Jeremie Hornus.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Menlo.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Menlo.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Menlo-Bold:
          Full Name: Menlo Bold
          Family: Menlo
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Bitstream
          Unique Name: Menlo Bold; 14.0d1e1; 2018-09-17
          Designer: Jim Lyles
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc. Copyright ©  2006 by Tavmjong Bah. Copyright © 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Menlo is a Trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Menlo is based upon the Open Source font Bitstream Vera and the public domain font Deja Vu. Bitstream Vera is a trademark of Bitstream, Inc., designed by Jim Lyles.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Menlo-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Menlo Bold Italic
          Family: Menlo
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Bitstream
          Unique Name: Menlo Bold Italic; 14.0d1e1; 2018-09-17
          Designer: Jim Lyles
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc. Copyright ©  2006 by Tavmjong Bah. Copyright © 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Menlo is a Trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Menlo is based upon the Open Source font Bitstream Vera and the public domain font Deja Vu. Bitstream Vera is a trademark of Bitstream, Inc., designed by Jim Lyles.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Menlo-Regular:
          Full Name: Menlo Regular
          Family: Menlo
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Bitstream
          Unique Name: Menlo Regular; 14.0d1e1; 2018-09-17
          Designer: Jim Lyles
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc. Copyright ©  2006 by Tavmjong Bah. Copyright © 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Menlo is a Trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Menlo is based upon the Open Source font Bitstream Vera and the public domain font Deja Vu. Bitstream Vera is a trademark of Bitstream, Inc., designed by Jim Lyles.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Menlo-Italic:
          Full Name: Menlo Italic
          Family: Menlo
          Style: Italic
          Version: 14.0d1e1
          Vendor: Bitstream
          Unique Name: Menlo Italic; 14.0d1e1; 2018-09-17
          Designer: Jim Lyles
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009 Apple Inc. Copyright ©  2006 by Tavmjong Bah. Copyright © 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Menlo is a Trademark of Apple Inc.
          Description: Menlo is based upon the Open Source font Bitstream Vera and the public domain font Deja Vu. Bitstream Vera is a trademark of Bitstream, Inc., designed by Jim Lyles.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Ayuthaya.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Ayuthaya.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Ayuthaya:
          Full Name: Ayuthaya
          Family: Ayuthaya
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e7
          Unique Name: Ayuthaya; 13.0d1e7; 2017-06-12
          Copyright: Copyright © 1992-2011 by Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Apple Color Emoji.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Color Emoji.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AppleColorEmoji:
          Full Name: Apple Color Emoji
          Family: Apple Color Emoji
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d14e1
          Unique Name: Apple Color Emoji; 16.0d14e1; 2021-04-01
          Copyright: © 2011-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .AppleColorEmojiUI:
          Full Name: .Apple Color Emoji UI
          Family: .Apple Color Emoji UI
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d14e1
          Unique Name: .Apple Color Emoji UI; 16.0d14e1; 2021-04-01
          Copyright: © 2011-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Damascus.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Damascus.ttc
      Typefaces:
        DamascusLight:
          Full Name: Damascus Light
          Family: Damascus
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: Damascus Light; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Damascus:
          Full Name: Damascus Regular
          Family: Damascus
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: Damascus Regular; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        DamascusBold:
          Full Name: Damascus Bold
          Family: Damascus
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: Damascus Bold; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        DamascusMedium:
          Full Name: Damascus Medium
          Family: Damascus
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: Damascus Medium; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        DamascusSemiBold:
          Full Name: Damascus Semi Bold
          Family: Damascus
          Style: Semi Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: Damascus Semi Bold; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .DamascusPUA:
          Full Name: .Damascus PUA
          Family: .Damascus PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: .Damascus PUA; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .DamascusPUAMedium:
          Full Name: .Damascus PUA Medium
          Family: .Damascus PUA
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: .Damascus PUA Medium; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .DamascusPUALight:
          Full Name: .Damascus PUA Light
          Family: .Damascus PUA
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: .Damascus PUA Light; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .DamascusPUASemiBold:
          Full Name: .Damascus PUA Semi Bold
          Family: .Damascus PUA
          Style: Semi Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: .Damascus PUA Semi Bold; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .DamascusPUABold:
          Full Name: .Damascus PUA Bold
          Family: .Damascus PUA
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d3e9
          Unique Name: .Damascus PUA Bold; 13.0d3e9; 2017-06-29
          Copyright: Diwan Software Ltd. 1987-2012 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Wingdings 2.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Wingdings 2.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Wingdings2:
          Full Name: Wingdings 2
          Family: Wingdings 2
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.55x
          Unique Name: Wingdings 2
          Copyright: Wingdings 2 designed by Bigelow & Holmes Inc. for Microsoft Corporation. Copyright © 1992 Microsoft Corporation. Pat. Pend. All Rights Reserved. © 1990-1991 Type Solutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Wingdings is a trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Didot.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Didot.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Didot-Bold:
          Full Name: Didot Bold
          Family: Didot
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: Didot Bold; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Linotype Didot" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The Didot family were active as designers for about 100 years in the 18th and 19th centuries. They were printers, publishers, typeface designers, inventors and intellectuals. Around 1800 the Didot family owned the most important print shop and font foundry in France. Pierre Didot, the printer, published a document with the typefaces of his brother, Firmin Didot, the typeface designer.  The strong clear forms of this alphabet display objective, rational characteristics and are representative of the time and philosophy of the Enlightenment. Adrian Frutiger's Didot is a sensitive interpretation of the French Modern Face Didot. Another model for this design is the Henriade, a historical printing of the original Didot from 1818. The font Didot gives text a classic and elegant feel.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Didot:
          Full Name: Didot
          Family: Didot
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: Didot; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Linotype Didot" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The Didot family were active as designers for about 100 years in the 18th and 19th centuries. They were printers, publishers, typeface designers, inventors and intellectuals. Around 1800 the Didot family owned the most important print shop and font foundry in France. Pierre Didot, the printer, published a document with the typefaces of his brother, Firmin Didot, the typeface designer.  The strong clear forms of this alphabet display objective, rational characteristics and are representative of the time and philosophy of the Enlightenment. Adrian Frutiger's Didot is a sensitive interpretation of the French Modern Face Didot. Another model for this design is the Henriade, a historical printing of the original Didot from 1818. The font Didot gives text a classic and elegant feel.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        Didot-Italic:
          Full Name: Didot Italic
          Family: Didot
          Style: Italic
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: Didot Italic; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-30
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1981, 1982, 1983, 1989 and 1993, Linotype Library GmbH or its affiliated Linotype-Hell companies. All rights reserved.

The digitally encoded machine readable software for producing the Typefaces licensed to you is now the property of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG and its licensors, and may not be reproduced, used, displayed, modified, disclosed or transferred without the express written approval of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.

Copyright (c) 1988, 1990, 1993 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: "Linotype Didot" is a trademark of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG, which may be registered in certain jurisdictions, exclusivly licensed through Linotype Library GmbH, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG.
          Description: The Didot family were active as designers for about 100 years in the 18th and 19th centuries. They were printers, publishers, typeface designers, inventors and intellectuals. Around 1800 the Didot family owned the most important print shop and font foundry in France. Pierre Didot, the printer, published a document with the typefaces of his brother, Firmin Didot, the typeface designer.  The strong clear forms of this alphabet display objective, rational characteristics and are representative of the time and philosophy of the Enlightenment. Adrian Frutiger's Didot is a sensitive interpretation of the French Modern Face Didot. Another model for this design is the Henriade, a historical printing of the original Didot from 1818. The font Didot gives text a classic and elegant feel.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Verdana.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Verdana.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Verdana:
          Full Name: Verdana
          Family: Verdana
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.01x
          Vendor: Carter & Cone
          Unique Name: Microsoft:Verdana Regular:Version 5.01x (Microsoft)
          Designer: Matthew Carter
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Verdana is either a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Times New Roman Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Times New Roman Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT:
          Full Name: Times New Roman Italic
          Family: Times New Roman
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 5.00.3x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Times New Roman Italic:Version 5.00 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Monotype Type Drawing Office - Stanley Morison, Victor Lardent 1932
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Times New Roman is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Courier New Bold Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Courier New Bold Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        CourierNewPS-BoldItalicMT:
          Full Name: Courier New Bold Italic
          Family: Courier New
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype:Courier New Bold Italic:version 3.10 (Microsoft)
          Designer: Howard Kettler
          Copyright: © 2006 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Courier New is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    EuphemiaCAS.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/EuphemiaCAS.ttc
      Typefaces:
        EuphemiaUCAS:
          Full Name: Euphemia UCAS
          Family: Euphemia UCAS
          Style: Regular
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: Tiro Typeworks Ltd.
          Unique Name: Euphemia UCAS; 15.0d1e3; 2020-09-02
          Designer: Ross Mills
          Copyright: Copyright (c) Tiro Typeworks Ltd., 2004. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Euphemia is a trademark of Tiro Typeworks Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        EuphemiaUCAS-Italic:
          Full Name: Euphemia UCAS Italic
          Family: Euphemia UCAS
          Style: Italic
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: Tiro Typeworks Ltd.
          Unique Name: Euphemia UCAS Italic; 15.0d1e3; 2020-09-02
          Designer: Ross Mills
          Copyright: Copyright (C) 2004, Tiro Typeworks Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Euphemia is a trademark of Tiro Typeworks Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        EuphemiaUCAS-Bold:
          Full Name: Euphemia UCAS Bold
          Family: Euphemia UCAS
          Style: Bold
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: Tiro Typeworks Ltd.
          Unique Name: Euphemia UCAS Bold; 15.0d1e3; 2020-09-02
          Designer: Ross Mills
          Copyright: Copyright (c) Tiro Typeworks Ltd., 2004. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Euphemia is a trademark of Tiro Typeworks Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    InaiMathi-MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/InaiMathi-MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        InaiMathi-Bold:
          Full Name: InaiMathi Bold
          Family: InaiMathi
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e5
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: InaiMathi Bold; 13.0d1e5; 2017-06-13
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1986 Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. (c) 2000 Grow Momentum (S) Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: InaiMathi is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        InaiMathi:
          Full Name: InaiMathi
          Family: InaiMathi
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e5
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: InaiMathi; 13.0d1e5; 2017-06-13
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 1986 Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. (c) 2000 Grow Momentum (S) Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: InaiMathi is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SukhumvitSet.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/SukhumvitSet.ttc
      Typefaces:
        SukhumvitSet-Text:
          Full Name: Sukhumvit Set Text
          Family: Sukhumvit Set
          Style: Text
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Sukhumvit Set Text; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Anuthin Wongsunkakon
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009, 2013 Cadson Demak Co. Ltd., Thailand. All Rights Reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SukhumvitSet-Medium:
          Full Name: Sukhumvit Set Medium
          Family: Sukhumvit Set
          Style: Medium
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Sukhumvit Set Medium; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Anuthin Wongsunkakon
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009, 2013 Cadson Demak Co. Ltd., Thailand. All Rights Reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SukhumvitSet-Light:
          Full Name: Sukhumvit Set Light
          Family: Sukhumvit Set
          Style: Light
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Sukhumvit Set Light; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Anuthin Wongsunkakon
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009, 2013 Cadson Demak Co. Ltd., Thailand. All Rights Reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SukhumvitSet-Bold:
          Full Name: Sukhumvit Set Bold
          Family: Sukhumvit Set
          Style: Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Sukhumvit Set Bold; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Anuthin Wongsunkakon
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009, 2013 Cadson Demak Co. Ltd., Thailand. All Rights Reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SukhumvitSet-SemiBold:
          Full Name: Sukhumvit Set Semi Bold
          Family: Sukhumvit Set
          Style: Semi Bold
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Sukhumvit Set Semi Bold; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Anuthin Wongsunkakon
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009, 2013 Cadson Demak Co. Ltd., Thailand. All Rights Reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        SukhumvitSet-Thin:
          Full Name: Sukhumvit Set Thin
          Family: Sukhumvit Set
          Style: Thin
          Version: 13.0d1e6
          Unique Name: Sukhumvit Set Thin; 13.0d1e6; 2017-06-30
          Designer: Anuthin Wongsunkakon
          Copyright: Copyright © 2009, 2013 Cadson Demak Co. Ltd., Thailand. All Rights Reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    SourceCodePro-Regular.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /Library/Fonts/SourceCodePro-Regular.ttf
      Typefaces:
        SourceCodePro-Regular:
          Full Name: Source Code Pro
          Family: Source Code Pro
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.010;PS Version 1.000;hotconv 1.0.70;makeotf.lib2.5.5900
          Vendor: Adobe Systems Incorporated
          Unique Name: 1.010;ADBE;SourceCodePro-Regular;ADOBE
          Designer: Paul D. Hunt
          Copyright: Copyright 2010, 2012 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Source is a trademark of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Farisi.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Farisi.ttf
      Typefaces:
        Farisi:
          Full Name: Farisi Regular
          Family: Farisi
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: Farisi Regular; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-13
          Copyright: © 2002 Diwan Software Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    NotoSansOriya.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/NotoSansOriya.ttc
      Typefaces:
        NotoSansOriya:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Oriya
          Family: Noto Sans Oriya
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Oriya; 14.0d1e2; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Data hinted. Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        NotoSansOriya-Bold:
          Full Name: Noto Sans Oriya Bold
          Family: Noto Sans Oriya
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e2
          Vendor: Monotype Imaging Inc.
          Unique Name: Noto Sans Oriya Bold; 14.0d1e2; 2018-11-25
          Designer: Monotype Design Team
          Copyright: Copyright 2015 Google Inc. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Noto is a trademark of Google Inc.
          Description: Data hinted. Designed by Monotype design team.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Gurmukhi MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Gurmukhi MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        GurmukhiMN:
          Full Name: Gurmukhi MN
          Family: Gurmukhi MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d4e2
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Gurmukhi MN; 14.0d4e2; 2018-07-12
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gurmukhi MN is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        GurmukhiMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Gurmukhi MN Bold
          Family: Gurmukhi MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d4e2
          Vendor: Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia
          Unique Name: Gurmukhi MN Bold; 14.0d4e2; 2018-07-12
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Gurmukhi MN Bold is a trademark of Murasu Systems Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Kannada Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Kannada Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        KannadaSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Kannada Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Kannada Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d2e4
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Kannada Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d2e4; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kannada Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        KannadaSangamMN:
          Full Name: Kannada Sangam MN
          Family: Kannada Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d2e4
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Kannada Sangam MN; 14.0d2e4; 2018-02-27
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Kannada Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2009 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ZapfDingbats.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ZapfDingbats.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ZapfDingbatsITC:
          Full Name: Zapf Dingbats
          Family: Zapf Dingbats
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e2
          Unique Name: Zapf Dingbats; 13.0d1e2; 2017-06-15
          Copyright: (c) Copyright 1999-2000 as an unpublished work by Galapagos Design Group, Inc. All rights reserved
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Trebuchet MS Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Trebuchet MS Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        TrebuchetMS-Italic:
          Full Name: Trebuchet MS Italic
          Family: Trebuchet MS
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Trebuchet Italic
          Designer: Vincent Connare
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Description: Trebuchet, designed by Vincent Connare in 1996, is a humanist sans serif designed for easy screen readability. Trebuchet takes its inspiration from the sans serifs of the 1930s which had large x heights and round features intended to promote readability on signs. The typeface name is credited to a puzzle heard at Microsoft, where the question was asked, "could you build a Trebuchet (a form of medieval catapult) to launch a person from the main campus to the consumer campus, and how?" The Trebuchet fonts are intended to be the vehicle that fires your messages across the Internet. "Launch your message with a Trebuchet page".
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    ヒラギノ角ゴシック W5.ttc:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/ヒラギノ角ゴシック W5.ttc
      Typefaces:
        HiraginoSans-W5:
          Full Name: Hiragino Sans W5
          Family: Hiragino Sans
          Style: W5
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: Hiragino Sans W5; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .HiraKakuInterface-W5:
          Full Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W5
          Family: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface
          Style: W5
          Version: 15.0d1e3
          Vendor: SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd.
          Unique Name: .Hiragino Kaku Gothic Interface W5; 15.0d1e3; 2019-06-13
          Designer: JIYUKOBO Ltd.
          Copyright: ver8.20, Copyright (c) 1993-2015 SCREEN Graphic and Precision Solutions Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: HIRAGINO is a trademark of SCREEN Holdings Co., Ltd.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Devanagari Sangam MN.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Devanagari Sangam MN.ttc
      Typefaces:
        DevanagariSangamMN-Bold:
          Full Name: Devanagari Sangam MN Bold
          Family: Devanagari Sangam MN
          Style: Bold
          Version: 14.0d1e12
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Devanagari Sangam MN Bold; 14.0d1e12; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Devanagari Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        DevanagariSangamMN:
          Full Name: Devanagari Sangam MN
          Family: Devanagari Sangam MN
          Style: Regular
          Version: 14.0d1e12
          Vendor: Muthu Nedumaran
          Unique Name: Devanagari Sangam MN; 14.0d1e12; 2018-03-01
          Designer: Muthu Nedumaran
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: Devanagari Sangam MN is a trademark of Muthu Nedumaran.
          Description: Copyright (c) 2003 by Muthu Nedumaran. All rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Narrow Bold Italic.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Narrow Bold Italic.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ArialNarrow-BoldItalic:
          Full Name: Arial Narrow Bold Italic
          Family: Arial Narrow
          Style: Bold Italic
          Version: Version 2.38.1x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Arial Narrow Bold Italic : 2007
          Designer: Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders
          Copyright: © 2007 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Description: Monotype Drawing Office 1982. A contemporary sans serif design, Arial contains more humanist characteristics than many of its predecessors and as such is more in tune with the mood of the last decades of the twentieth century. The overall treatment of curves is softer and fuller than in most industrial-style sans serif faces. Terminal strokes are cut on the diagonal which helps to give the face a less mechanical appearance. Arial is an extremely versatile family of typefaces which can be used with equal success for text setting in reports, presentations, magazines etc, and for display use in newspapers, advertising and promotions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Trebuchet MS.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Trebuchet MS.ttf
      Typefaces:
        TrebuchetMS:
          Full Name: Trebuchet MS
          Family: Trebuchet MS
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 5.00x
          Vendor: Microsoft Corporation
          Unique Name: Microsoft Trebuchet
          Designer: Vincent Connare
          Copyright: © 2006 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Description: Trebuchet, designed by Vincent Connare in 1996, is a humanist sans serif designed for easy screen readability. Trebuchet takes its inspiration from the sans serifs of the 1930s which had large x heights and round features intended to promote readability on signs. The typeface name is credited to a puzzle heard at Microsoft, where the question was asked, "could you build a Trebuchet (a form of medieval catapult) to launch a person from the main campus to the consumer campus, and how?" The Trebuchet fonts are intended to be the vehicle that fires your messages across the Internet. "Launch your message with a Trebuchet page".
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Nadeem.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Nadeem.ttc
      Typefaces:
        Nadeem:
          Full Name: Nadeem Regular
          Family: Nadeem
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: Nadeem Regular; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: Nadeem designed by Diwan Software Ltd. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and
its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        .NadeemPUA:
          Full Name: .Nadeem PUA
          Family: .Nadeem PUA
          Style: Regular
          Version: 13.0d1e3
          Unique Name: .Nadeem PUA; 13.0d1e3; 2017-06-14
          Copyright: .Nadeem PUA designed by Diwan Software Ltd. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. and
its licensors, 1992-1998 all rights reserved.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    STIXGeneralItalic.otf:

      Kind: OpenType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/STIXGeneralItalic.otf
      Typefaces:
        STIXGeneral-Italic:
          Full Name: STIXGeneral-Italic
          Family: STIXGeneral
          Style: Italic
          Version: Version 1.1.0
          Unique Name: FontMaster:STIXGeneral-Italic:1.1.0
          Designer: MicroPress Inc., with final additions and corrections provided by Coen Hoffman, Elsevier (retired)
          Copyright: Copyright (c) 2001-2011 by the STI Pub Companies, consisting of the American Chemical Society, the American Institute of Physics, the American Mathematical Society, the American Physical Society, Elsevier, Inc., and The Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1998-2003 by MicroPress, Inc. Portions copyright (c) 1990 by Elsevier, Inc. All rights reserved.
          Trademark: STIX Fonts(TM) is a trademark of The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc.
          Description: Arie de Ruiter, who in 1995 was Head of Information Technology Development at Elsevier Science, made a proposal to the STI Pub group, an informal group of publishers consisting of representatives from the American Chemical Society (ACS), American Institute of Physics (AIP), American Mathematical Society (AMS), American Physical Society (APS), Elsevier, and Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE). De Ruiter encouraged the members to consider development of a series of Web fonts, which he proposed should be called the Scientific and Technical Information eXchange, or STIX, Fonts. All STI Pub member organizations enthusiastically endorsed this proposal, and the STI Pub group agreed to embark on what has become a twelve-year project. The goal of the project was to identify all alphabetic, symbolic, and other special characters used in any facet of scientific publishing and to create a set of Unicode-based fonts that would be distributed free to every scientist, student, and other interested party worldwide. The fonts would be consistent with the emerging Unicode standard, and would permit universal representation of every character. With the release of the STIX fonts, de Ruiter's vision has been realized.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Unicode.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Unicode.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ArialUnicodeMS:
          Full Name: Arial Unicode MS
          Family: Arial Unicode MS
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 1.01x
          Vendor: Agfa Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Monotype - Arial Unicode MS
          Designer: Original design: Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders. Extended glyphs: Monotype Type Drawing Office, Monotype Typography.
          Copyright: Digitized data copyright (C) 1993-2000 Agfa Monotype Corporation. All rights reserved. Arial® is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Trademark: Arial® is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.
          Description: This extended version of Monotype's Arial contains glyphs for all code points within The Unicode Standard, Version 2.1.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    AmericanTypewriter.ttc:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/AmericanTypewriter.ttc
      Typefaces:
        AmericanTypewriter:
          Full Name: American Typewriter
          Family: American Typewriter
          Style: Regular
          Version: 16.0d2e4
          Unique Name: American Typewriter; 16.0d2e4; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data (c) Copyright 1997 E+F Designstudios. ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Trademark: ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AmericanTypewriter-Light:
          Full Name: American Typewriter Light
          Family: American Typewriter
          Style: Light
          Version: 16.0d2e4
          Unique Name: American Typewriter Light; 16.0d2e4; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data (c) Copyright 1997 E+F Designstudios. ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Trademark: ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AmericanTypewriter-Bold:
          Full Name: American Typewriter Bold
          Family: American Typewriter
          Style: Bold
          Version: 16.0d2e4
          Unique Name: American Typewriter Bold; 16.0d2e4; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data (c) Copyright 1997 E+F Designstudios. ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Trademark: ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AmericanTypewriter-CondensedLight:
          Full Name: American Typewriter Condensed Light
          Family: American Typewriter
          Style: Condensed Light
          Version: 16.0d2e4
          Unique Name: American Typewriter Condensed Light; 16.0d2e4; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data (c) Copyright 1997 E+F Designstudios. ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AmericanTypewriter-Condensed:
          Full Name: American Typewriter Condensed
          Family: American Typewriter
          Style: Condensed
          Version: 16.0d2e4
          Unique Name: American Typewriter Condensed; 16.0d2e4; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized Data (c) Copyright 1997 E+F Designstudios. ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Trademark: ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AmericanTypewriter-CondensedBold:
          Full Name: American Typewriter Condensed Bold
          Family: American Typewriter
          Style: Condensed Bold
          Version: 16.0d2e4
          Unique Name: American Typewriter Condensed Bold; 16.0d2e4; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data (c) Copyright 1997 E+F Designstudios. ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Trademark: ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes
        AmericanTypewriter-Semibold:
          Full Name: American Typewriter Semibold
          Family: American Typewriter
          Style: Semibold
          Version: 16.0d2e4
          Unique Name: American Typewriter Semibold; 16.0d2e4; 2020-07-06
          Copyright: Digitized data (c) Copyright 1997 E+F Designstudios. ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Trademark: ITC American Typewriter is a registered trademark of International Typeface Corporation.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

    Arial Narrow.ttf:

      Kind: TrueType
      Valid: Yes
      Enabled: Yes
      Location: /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Narrow.ttf
      Typefaces:
        ArialNarrow:
          Full Name: Arial Narrow
          Family: Arial Narrow
          Style: Regular
          Version: Version 2.38.1x
          Vendor: The Monotype Corporation
          Unique Name: Arial Narrow Regular : 2007
          Designer: Robin Nicholas, Patricia Saunders
          Copyright: © 2007 The Monotype Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
          Trademark: Arial is a trademark of The Monotype Corporation in the United States and/or other countries.
          Description: Monotype Drawing Office 1982. A contemporary sans serif design, Arial contains more humanist characteristics than many of its predecessors and as such is more in tune with the mood of the last decades of the twentieth century. The overall treatment of curves is softer and fuller than in most industrial-style sans serif faces. Terminal strokes are cut on the diagonal which helps to give the face a less mechanical appearance. Arial is an extremely versatile family of typefaces which can be used with equal success for text setting in reports, presentations, magazines etc, and for display use in newspapers, advertising and promotions.
          Outline: Yes
          Valid: Yes
          Enabled: Yes
          Duplicate: No
          Copy Protected: No
          Embeddable: Yes

Frameworks:

    JavaRuntimeSupport:

      Version: 78
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/JavaRuntimeSupport.framework
      Private: No

    MetricKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetricKit.framework
      Private: No

    Network:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Network.framework
      Private: No

    IOBluetoothUI:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IOBluetoothUI.framework
      Private: No

    GameKit:

      Version: 790.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/GameKit.framework
      Private: No

    SecurityInterface:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SecurityInterface.framework
      Private: No

    DiscRecording:

      Version: 9.0.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DiscRecording.framework
      Private: No

    Speech:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Speech.framework
      Private: No

    Automator:

      Version: 2.10
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Automator.framework
      Private: No

    HIDDriverKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/HIDDriverKit.framework
      Private: No

    _SpriteKit_SwiftUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/_SpriteKit_SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    _StoreKit_SwiftUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/_StoreKit_SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    SafariServices:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SafariServices.framework
      Private: No

    ExceptionHandling:

      Version: 1.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ExceptionHandling.framework
      Private: No

    Metal:

      Version: 244.303
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Metal.framework
      Private: No

    QuartzCore:

      Version: 1.11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/QuartzCore.framework
      Private: No

    CoreGraphics:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreGraphics.framework
      Private: No

    IOBluetooth:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 8.0.5, Copyright © 2002-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IOBluetooth.framework
      Private: No

    StoreKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/StoreKit.framework
      Private: No

    Ruby:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Ruby Runtime and Library
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Ruby.framework
      Private: No

    GSS:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/GSS.framework
      Private: No

    JavaNativeFoundation:

      Version: 80
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/JavaNativeFoundation.framework
      Private: No

    OpenGL:

      Version: 18.5.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: OpenGL 18.5.9.0.0
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/OpenGL.framework
      Private: No

    CoreML:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreML.framework
      Private: No

    FinderSync:

      Version: 1.12
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/FinderSync.framework
      Private: No

    Quartz:

      Version: 1.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework
      Private: No

    QuartzComposer:

      Version: 5.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Frameworks/QuartzComposer.framework
      Private: No

    QuartzFilters:

      Version: 1.10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Frameworks/QuartzFilters.framework
      Private: No

    PDFKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Frameworks/PDFKit.framework
      Private: No

    QuickLookUI:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 5.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007-2013
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Frameworks/QuickLookUI.framework
      Private: No

    ImageKit:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Frameworks/ImageKit.framework
      Private: No

    UserNotificationsUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/UserNotificationsUI.framework
      Private: No

    TWAIN:

      Version: 1.9.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 1.9.5, © Copyright 2001-2008, TWAIN Working Group
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/TWAIN.framework
      Private: No

    CoreMediaIO:

      Version: 1000.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreMediaIO.framework
      Private: No

    MetalPerformanceShaders:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework
      Private: No

    MPSRayIntersector:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Frameworks/MPSRayIntersector.framework
      Private: No

    MPSNeuralNetwork:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Frameworks/MPSNeuralNetwork.framework
      Private: No

    MPSNDArray:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Frameworks/MPSNDArray.framework
      Private: No

    MPSCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Frameworks/MPSCore.framework
      Private: No

    MPSImage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Frameworks/MPSImage.framework
      Private: No

    MPSMatrix:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Frameworks/MPSMatrix.framework
      Private: No

    AutomaticAssessmentConfiguration:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AutomaticAssessmentConfiguration.framework
      Private: No

    ExternalAccessory:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ExternalAccessory.framework
      Private: No

    _AVKit_SwiftUI:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/_AVKit_SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    ScreenSaver:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ScreenSaver.framework
      Private: No

    _SceneKit_SwiftUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/_SceneKit_SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    PCSC:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PCSC.framework
      Private: No

    PreferencePanes:

      Version: 16.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PreferencePanes.framework
      Private: No

    MediaPlayer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MediaPlayer.framework
      Private: No

    LinkPresentation:

      Version: 146
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/LinkPresentation.framework
      Private: No

    NetFS:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/NetFS.framework
      Private: No

    MediaToolbox:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MediaToolbox.framework
      Private: No

    SyncServices:

      Version: 8.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: © 2003-2004 Apple
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SyncServices.framework
      Private: No

    System:

      Version: 11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/System.framework
      Private: No

    UIKit:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/UIKit.framework
      Private: No

    ForceFeedback:

      Version: 1.0.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 1.0.6, Copyright © 2000-2012 Apple Inc.  All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ForceFeedback.framework
      Private: No

    OSAKit:

      Version: 1.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/OSAKit.framework
      Private: No

    CryptoKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CryptoKit.framework
      Private: No

    ServiceManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ServiceManagement.framework
      Private: No

    ScreenTime:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ScreenTime.framework
      Private: No

    MLCompute:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MLCompute.framework
      Private: No

    NaturalLanguage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/NaturalLanguage.framework
      Private: No

    CoreVideo:

      Version: 1.8
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreVideo.framework
      Private: No

    VideoDecodeAcceleration:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoDecodeAcceleration.framework
      Private: No

    ScriptingBridge:

      Version: 1.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ScriptingBridge.framework
      Private: No

    MetalKit:

      Version: 147.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalKit.framework
      Private: No

    ApplicationServices:

      Version: 48
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework
      Private: No

    CoreGraphics:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/CoreGraphics.framework
      Private: No

    LangAnalysis:

      Version: 1.7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/LangAnalysis.framework
      Private: No

    ATS:

      Version: 377
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/ATS.framework
      Private: No

    CoreText:

      Version: 677.6.0.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/CoreText.framework
      Private: No

    ImageIO:

      Version: 3.3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 3.3.0
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/ImageIO.framework
      Private: No

    ColorSync:

      Version: 4.13.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/ColorSync.framework
      Private: No

    ATSUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/ATSUI.framework
      Private: No

    SpeechSynthesis:

      Version: 9.0.66
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/SpeechSynthesis.framework
      Private: No

    ColorSyncLegacy:

      Version: 4.13.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/ColorSyncLegacy.framework
      Private: No

    HIServices:

      Version: 1.22
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/HIServices.framework
      Private: No

    PrintCore:

      Version: 16.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/PrintCore.framework
      Private: No

    QD:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Frameworks/QD.framework
      Private: No

    OSLog:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/OSLog.framework
      Private: No

    AGL:

      Version: 3.3.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: OpenGL Carbon compatibility dylib for Mac OS X
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AGL.framework
      Private: No

    PDFKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PDFKit.framework
      Private: No

    CoreText:

      Version: 677.6.0.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreText.framework
      Private: No

    UniformTypeIdentifiers:

      Version: 637
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/UniformTypeIdentifiers.framework
      Private: No

    vmnet:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/vmnet.framework
      Private: No

    Cocoa:

      Version: 6.11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Cocoa.framework
      Private: No

    IOKit:

      Version: 2.0.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: I/O Kit Framework, Apple Computer Inc
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IOKit.framework
      Private: No

    AVFoundation:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AVFoundation.framework
      Private: No

    AVFAudio:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AVFoundation.framework/Frameworks/AVFAudio.framework
      Private: No

    DiscRecordingUI:

      Version: 9.0.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DiscRecordingUI.framework
      Private: No

    ParavirtualizedGraphics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ParavirtualizedGraphics.framework
      Private: No

    Accelerate:

      Version: 1.11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: vImage, DSP, BLAS, LAPACK, Vector Math, and Large Number Library
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Accelerate.framework
      Private: No

    vImage:

      Version: 8.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Accelerate.framework/Frameworks/vImage.framework
      Private: No

    vecLib:

      Version: 3.11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: DSP, BLAS, LAPACK, Vector Math, and Large Number Library
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Accelerate.framework/Frameworks/vecLib.framework
      Private: No

    DeviceCheck:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DeviceCheck.framework
      Private: No

    ImageIO:

      Version: 3.3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 3.3.0
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ImageIO.framework
      Private: No

    BackgroundTasks:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/BackgroundTasks.framework
      Private: No

    AppleScriptKit:

      Version: 1.5.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AppleScriptKit.framework
      Private: No

    Carbon:

      Version: 160
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework
      Private: No

    Ink:

      Version: 10.15
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/Ink.framework
      Private: No

    OpenScripting:

      Version: 1.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Supplies support for scripting languages
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/OpenScripting.framework
      Private: No

    SecurityHI:

      Version: 9.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/SecurityHI.framework
      Private: No

    Print:

      Version: 15
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/Print.framework
      Private: No

    SpeechRecognition:

      Version: 6.0.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 6.0.3
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/SpeechRecognition.framework
      Private: No

    ImageCapture:

      Version: 1711.5.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/ImageCapture.framework
      Private: No

    CommonPanels:

      Version: 1.2.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: CommonPanels version 1.2.4, Copyright 2000-2006, Apple Computer Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/CommonPanels.framework
      Private: No

    Help:

      Version: 1.3.8
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Copyright 2000-2017, Apple Computer, Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/Help.framework
      Private: No

    HIToolbox:

      Version: 2.1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Frameworks/HIToolbox.framework
      Private: No

    CoreBluetooth:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreBluetooth.framework
      Private: No

    SensorKit:

      Version: 453.0.40
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SensorKit.framework
      Private: No

    DriverKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DriverKit.framework
      Private: No

    vecLib:

      Version: 3.11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: DSP, BLAS, LAPACK, Vector Math, and Large Number Library
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/vecLib.framework
      Private: No

    Security:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework
      Private: No

    _QuickLook_SwiftUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/_QuickLook_SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    Contacts:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Contacts.framework
      Private: No

    RealityKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/RealityKit.framework
      Private: No

    PhotosUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PhotosUI.framework
      Private: No

    ReplayKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ReplayKit.framework
      Private: No

    Virtualization:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Virtualization.framework
      Private: No

    IOSurface:

      Version: 290.8.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IOSurface.framework
      Private: No

    MediaLibrary:

      Version: 1.7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MediaLibrary.framework
      Private: No

    SpriteKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SpriteKit.framework
      Private: No

    QuickLookThumbnailing:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/QuickLookThumbnailing.framework
      Private: No

    CoreMedia:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreMedia.framework
      Private: No

    BusinessChat:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/BusinessChat.framework
      Private: No

    OpenDirectory:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/OpenDirectory.framework
      Private: No

    CFOpenDirectory:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/OpenDirectory.framework/Frameworks/CFOpenDirectory.framework
      Private: No

    Intents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Intents.framework
      Private: No

    DirectoryService:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DirectoryService.framework
      Private: No

    ColorSync:

      Version: 4.13.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ColorSync.framework
      Private: No

    JavaVM:

      Version: 15.0.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/JavaVM.framework
      Private: No

    JavaRuntimeSupport:

      Version: 78
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/JavaVM.framework/Frameworks/JavaRuntimeSupport.framework
      Private: No

    JavaNativeFoundation:

      Version: 80
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/JavaVM.framework/Frameworks/JavaNativeFoundation.framework
      Private: No

    AppleScriptObjC:

      Version: 1.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AppleScriptObjC.framework
      Private: No

    VideoSubscriberAccount:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoSubscriberAccount.framework
      Private: No

    CoreWLAN:

      Version: 16.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 16.0, Copyright © 2009–2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreWLAN.framework
      Private: No

    PencilKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PencilKit.framework
      Private: No

    CoreServices:

      Version: 1122.44
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework
      Private: No

    SearchKit:

      Version: 1.4.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/SearchKit.framework
      Private: No

    OSServices:

      Version: 1122.44
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: OS Services Framework
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/OSServices.framework
      Private: No

    Metadata:

      Version: 10.7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/Metadata.framework
      Private: No

    AE:

      Version: 918.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/AE.framework
      Private: No

    LaunchServices:

      Version: 1122.44
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 10.6, Copyright © 2000-2007 Apple Inc., All Rights Reserved
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/LaunchServices.framework
      Private: No

    SharedFileList:

      Version: 144
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/SharedFileList.framework
      Private: No

    DictionaryServices:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/DictionaryServices.framework
      Private: No

    FSEvents:

      Version: 1290.120.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/FSEvents.framework
      Private: No

    CarbonCore:

      Version: 1307.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Frameworks/CarbonCore.framework
      Private: No

    NetworkingDriverKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/NetworkingDriverKit.framework
      Private: No

    MultipeerConnectivity:

      Version: 172
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MultipeerConnectivity.framework
      Private: No

    Tk:

      Version: 8.5.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Tk AQUA 8.5.9,
Copyright © 1989-2021 Tcl Core Team,
Copyright © 2002-2021 Daniel A. Steffen,
Copyright © 2001-2009 Apple Inc.,
Copyright © 2001-2002 Jim Ingham & Ian Reid
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Tk.framework
      Private: No

    WebKit:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 16611.3.10.1.6, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/WebKit.framework
      Private: No

    WebCore:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 16611.3.10.1.6, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.; Copyright 1997 Martin Jones <mjones@kde.org>; Copyright 1998, 1999 Torben Weis <weis@kde.org>; Copyright 1998, 1999, 2002 Waldo Bastian <bastian@kde.org>; Copyright 1998-2000 Lars Knoll <knoll@kde.org>; Copyright 1999, 2001 Antti Koivisto <koivisto@kde.org>; Copyright 1999-2001 Harri Porten <porten@kde.org>; Copyright 2000 Simon Hausmann <hausmann@kde.org>; Copyright 2000, 2001 Dirk Mueller <mueller@kde.org>; Copyright 2000, 2001 Peter Kelly <pmk@post.com>; Copyright 2000 Daniel Molkentin <molkentin@kde.org>; Copyright 2000 Stefan Schimanski <schimmi@kde.org>; Copyright 1998-2000 Netscape Communications Corporation; Copyright 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper; Copyright 2001, 2002 Expat maintainers.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/WebKit.framework/Frameworks/WebCore.framework
      Private: No

    WebKitLegacy:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 16611.3.10.1.6, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/WebKit.framework/Frameworks/WebKitLegacy.framework
      Private: No

    NotificationCenter:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/NotificationCenter.framework
      Private: No

    SystemConfiguration:

      Version: 1.20
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 1.20
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SystemConfiguration.framework
      Private: No

    GameController:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/GameController.framework
      Private: No

    CoreTelephony:

      Version: 113
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework
      Private: No

    OpenCL:

      Version: 4.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 4.6, Copyright 2008-2019 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/OpenCL.framework
      Private: No

    AVFAudio:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AVFAudio.framework
      Private: No

    CoreDisplay:

      Version: 237.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreDisplay.framework
      Private: No

    AudioUnit:

      Version: 1.14
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AudioUnit.framework
      Private: No

    FileProvider:

      Version: 349.4.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework
      Private: No

    PCIDriverKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PCIDriverKit.framework
      Private: No

    Social:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Social.framework
      Private: No

    AppKit:

      Version: 6.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AppKit.framework
      Private: No

    IdentityLookup:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IdentityLookup.framework
      Private: No

    FWAUserLib:

      Version: 270.19.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: FWAUserLib 270.19.2, Copyright © 2000-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/FWAUserLib.framework
      Private: No

    CoreImage:

      Version: 16.3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework
      Private: No

    CoreAudio:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreAudio.framework
      Private: No

    ExecutionPolicy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ExecutionPolicy.framework
      Private: No

    Hypervisor:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Hypervisor.framework
      Private: No

    ICADevices:

      Version: 1711.5.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ICADevices.framework
      Private: No

    Kernel:

      Version: 20.6.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Kernel.framework
      Private: No

    CoreAudioKit:

      Version: 1.6.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreAudioKit.framework
      Private: No

    LDAP:

      Version: 2.4.28
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: OpenLDAP framework v2.4.28
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/LDAP.framework
      Private: No

    ClassKit:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ClassKit.framework
      Private: No

    DVDPlayback:

      Version: 5.9.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: DVDPlayback Framework
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DVDPlayback.framework
      Private: No

    SwiftUI:

      Version: 135
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    Combine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Combine.framework
      Private: No

    ModelIO:

      Version: 246.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ModelIO.framework
      Private: No

    SecurityFoundation:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SecurityFoundation.framework
      Private: No

    GLUT:

      Version: 3.6.20
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 3.6.20, Copyright © 2001-2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/GLUT.framework
      Private: No

    CalendarStore:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CalendarStore.framework
      Private: No

    MetalPerformanceShadersGraph:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShadersGraph.framework
      Private: No

    Collaboration:

      Version: 84
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Collaboration.framework
      Private: No

    Message:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Message.framework
      Private: No

    AudioVideoBridging:

      Version: 940.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: AudioVideoBridging 940.4, Copyright © 2010-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AudioVideoBridging.framework
      Private: No

    Accounts:

      Version: 113
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Accounts.framework
      Private: No

    _AuthenticationServices_SwiftUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/_AuthenticationServices_SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    Python:

      Version: 2.7.16
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: Python Runtime and Library
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework
      Private: No

    FileProviderUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProviderUI.framework
      Private: No

    IMServicePlugIn:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IMServicePlugIn.framework
      Private: No

    IMServicePlugInSupport:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IMServicePlugIn.framework/Frameworks/IMServicePlugInSupport.framework
      Private: No

    _MapKit_SwiftUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/_MapKit_SwiftUI.framework
      Private: No

    QuickLook:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 5.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007-2013
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/QuickLook.framework
      Private: No

    AuthenticationServices:

      Version: 12.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AuthenticationServices.framework
      Private: No

    KernelManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/KernelManagement.framework
      Private: No

    AudioToolbox:

      Version: 1.14
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AudioToolbox.framework
      Private: No

    SystemExtensions:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SystemExtensions.framework
      Private: No

    Kerberos:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Kerberos.framework
      Private: No

    NearbyInteraction:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/NearbyInteraction.framework
      Private: No

    ContactsUI:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ContactsUI.framework
      Private: No

    CoreSpotlight:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreSpotlight.framework
      Private: No

    Tcl:

      Version: 8.5.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Tcl 8.5.9,
Copyright © 1987-2021 Tcl Core Team,
Copyright © 2001-2021 Daniel A. Steffen,
Copyright © 2001-2009 Apple Inc.,
Copyright © 2001-2002 Jim Ingham & Ian Reid
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Tcl.framework
      Private: No

    LocalAuthentication:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/LocalAuthentication.framework
      Private: No

    Foundation:

      Version: 6.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Foundation.framework
      Private: No

    AdSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AdSupport.framework
      Private: No

    InstallerPlugins:

      Version: 6.2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/InstallerPlugins.framework
      Private: No

    Accessibility:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Accessibility.framework
      Private: No

    PushKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PushKit.framework
      Private: No

    Vision:

      Version: 4.3.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Vision.framework
      Private: No

    CoreAudioTypes:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreAudioTypes.framework
      Private: No

    NetworkExtension:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/NetworkExtension.framework
      Private: No

    OpenAL:

      Version: 1.8
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/OpenAL.framework
      Private: No

    EventKit:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/EventKit.framework
      Private: No

    MediaAccessibility:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MediaAccessibility.framework
      Private: No

    QTKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/QTKit.framework
      Private: No

    MapKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/MapKit.framework
      Private: No

    AppTrackingTransparency:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AppTrackingTransparency.framework
      Private: No

    CoreHaptics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreHaptics.framework
      Private: No

    CallKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CallKit.framework
      Private: No

    CoreFoundation:

      Version: 6.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreFoundation.framework
      Private: No

    CoreMotion:

      Version: 2420.19.23
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreMotion.framework
      Private: No

    WidgetKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/WidgetKit.framework
      Private: No

    AVKit:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AVKit.framework
      Private: No

    AddressBook:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AddressBook.framework
      Private: No

    SoundAnalysis:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SoundAnalysis.framework
      Private: No

    CoreMIDIServer:

      Version: 1.10
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreMIDIServer.framework
      Private: No

    CoreLocation:

      Version: 2420.19.23
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreLocation.framework
      Private: No

    CloudKit:

      Version: 990
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CloudKit.framework
      Private: No

    IOUSBHost:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/IOUSBHost.framework
      Private: No

    LatentSemanticMapping:

      Version: 2.12.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/LatentSemanticMapping.framework
      Private: No

    CFNetwork:

      Version: 1240.0.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CFNetwork.framework
      Private: No

    Photos:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/Photos.framework
      Private: No

    JavaScriptCore:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 16611.3.10.1.6, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.; Copyright 1999-2001 Harri Porten <porten@kde.org>; Copyright 2001 Peter Kelly <pmk@post.com>; Copyright 1997-2005 University of Cambridge; Copyright 1991, 2000, 2001 by Lucent Technologies.
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/JavaScriptCore.framework
      Private: No

    GameplayKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/GameplayKit.framework
      Private: No

    DiskArbitration:

      Version: 2.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DiskArbitration.framework
      Private: No

    InstantMessage:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/InstantMessage.framework
      Private: No

    CoreMIDI:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreMIDI.framework
      Private: No

    InputMethodKit:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/InputMethodKit.framework
      Private: No

    PassKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/PassKit.framework
      Private: No

    ImageCaptureCore:

      Version: 1711.5.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/ImageCaptureCore.framework
      Private: No

    CoreData:

      Version: 120
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreData.framework
      Private: No

    GLKit:

      Version: 124
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/GLKit.framework
      Private: No

    AdServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/AdServices.framework
      Private: No

    USBDriverKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/USBDriverKit.framework
      Private: No

    CryptoTokenKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/CryptoTokenKit.framework
      Private: No

    VideoToolbox:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoToolbox.framework
      Private: No

    UserNotifications:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/UserNotifications.framework
      Private: No

    DeveloperToolsSupport:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/DeveloperToolsSupport.framework
      Private: No

    iTunesLibrary:

      Version: 13.1.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/iTunesLibrary.framework
      Private: No

    SceneKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/Frameworks/SceneKit.framework
      Private: No

    IMTranscoding:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMTranscoding.framework
      Private: Yes

    ServerInformation:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ServerInformation.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreMLTestFramework:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreMLTestFramework.framework
      Private: Yes

    Spotlight:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Spotlight.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafariCore:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SafariCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppSSOKerberos:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSSOKerberos.framework
      Private: Yes

    VFX:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VFX.framework
      Private: Yes

    Network:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Network.framework
      Private: Yes

    InertiaCam:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InertiaCam.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConfigurationEngineModel:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConfigurationEngineModel.framework
      Private: Yes

    HomeAutomationInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeAutomationInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreMaterial:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreMaterial.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioServerDriver:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioServerDriver.framework
      Private: Yes

    ActionKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ActionKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    MonitorPanel:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 6.0, Copyright © 2001-2016 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MonitorPanel.framework
      Private: Yes

    DifferentialPrivacy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DifferentialPrivacy.framework
      Private: Yes

    UARPUpdaterService:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UARPUpdaterService.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreTime:

      Version: 284.0.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreTime.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsAssistantServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsAssistantServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiskManagement:

      Version: 14.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Disk Management version 14.0, Copyright © 1998–2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiskManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudPhotoServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudPhotoServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemPolicy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemPolicy.framework
      Private: Yes

    iPodSync:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iPodSync.framework
      Private: Yes

    PackageKit:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PackageKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    PackageUIKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PackageKit.framework/Frameworks/PackageUIKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    TuriCore:

      Version: 0.0.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: TuriCore ML APIs for training.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TuriCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    FoundationODR:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FoundationODR.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenTimeSettingsUI:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenTimeSettingsUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    WebInspector:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WebInspector.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSAServicesClient:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSAServicesClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    CrashReporterSupport:

      Version: 10.13
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CrashReporterSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    iAdCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iAdCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SensingProtocols:

      Version: 4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SensingProtocols.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMCorePipeline:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMCorePipeline.framework
      Private: Yes

    BridgeOSSoftwareUpdate:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BridgeOSSoftwareUpdate.framework
      Private: Yes

    InputContext:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InputContext.framework
      Private: Yes

    TextureIO:

      Version: 3.10.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TextureIO.framework
      Private: Yes

    AssetCacheServices:

      Version: 118
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssetCacheServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    IDSSystemPreferencesSignIn:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDSSystemPreferencesSignIn.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMNetworking:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMNetworking.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConditionInducer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConditionInducer.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSpeechFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSpeechFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreOptimization:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreOptimization.framework
      Private: Yes

    CreateML:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CreateML.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmailCore:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmailCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    Install:

      Version: 700
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Install.framework
      Private: Yes

    DistributionKit:

      Version: 700
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Install.framework/Frameworks/DistributionKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    VirtualGarage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VirtualGarage.framework
      Private: Yes

    ZhuGeSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ZhuGeSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriAudioSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriAudioSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AddressBookCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AddressBookCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriKitInvocation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriKitInvocation.framework
      Private: Yes

    acfsSupport:

      Version: 589
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: 589 (6.0.5), Copyright © 2005-2012 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/acfsSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    TextToSpeech:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TextToSpeech.framework
      Private: Yes

    TextToSpeechBundleSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TextToSpeech.framework/Frameworks/TextToSpeechBundleSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    JetEngine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/JetEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    ByteRangeLocking:

      Version: 1.3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ByteRangeLocking.framework
      Private: Yes

    CMImaging:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CMImaging.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreAppleCVA:

      Version: 3.10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreAppleCVA.framework
      Private: Yes

    USDKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/USDKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    UIFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UIFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    AnnotationKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AnnotationKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    CombineCocoa:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CombineCocoa.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpanMatcher:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpanMatcher.framework
      Private: Yes

    WebInspectorUI:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WebInspectorUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AMPDevices:

      Version: 1.1.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AMPDevices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemMigrationNetworking:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemMigrationNetworking.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreUtilsUI:

      Version: 6.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreUtilsUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreParsec:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreParsec.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccountPolicy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccountPolicy.framework
      Private: Yes

    CFAccountPolicy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccountPolicy.framework/Frameworks/CFAccountPolicy.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmojiFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmojiFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    AOSAccounts:

      Version: 1.3.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSAccounts.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreCaptureControl:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreCaptureControl.framework
      Private: Yes

    XCTAutomationSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/XCTAutomationSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    CaptiveNetwork:

      Version: 13.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CaptiveNetwork.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreKnowledge:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreKnowledge.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriExperiments:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriExperiments.framework
      Private: Yes

    Marco:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Marco.framework
      Private: Yes

    FeedbackLogger:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FeedbackLogger.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriPlaybackControlSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriPlaybackControlSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppStoreComponents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppStoreComponents.framework
      Private: Yes

    ApplePushService:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ApplePushService.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreRE:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreRE.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMFUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMFUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    FilesActionsUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FilesActionsUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriGeo:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriGeo.framework
      Private: Yes

    SearchSuggestions:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SearchSuggestions.framework
      Private: Yes

    GraphVisualizer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GraphVisualizer.framework
      Private: Yes

    Shortcut:

      Version: 2.16
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Shortcut.framework
      Private: Yes

    FTClientServices:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FTClientServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemUIPlugin:

      Version: 1.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemUIPlugin.framework
      Private: Yes

    MessagesBlastDoorSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MessagesBlastDoorSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AdAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AdAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    ClassroomKit:

      Version: 1.0.11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ClassroomKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    IDSHashPersistence:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDSHashPersistence.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppServerSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppServerSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    WebContentAnalysis:

      Version: 5.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WebContentAnalysis.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveInputPredictionsInternals:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveInputPredictionsInternals.framework
      Private: Yes

    BluetoothManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BluetoothManager.framework
      Private: Yes

    Categories:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Categories.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriVOX:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriVOX.framework
      Private: Yes

    HeimODAdmin:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HeimODAdmin.framework
      Private: Yes

    iPod:

      Version: 1.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: iPod version 1.7, Copyright © 2002-2015 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iPod.framework
      Private: Yes

    HTTPServer:

      Version: 39
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HTTPServer.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreMediaStream:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreMediaStream.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOSurfaceAccelerator:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOSurfaceAccelerator.framework
      Private: Yes

    HomeAI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeAI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleCVA:

      Version: 201.16.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleCVA.framework
      Private: Yes

    IconFoundation:

      Version: 479.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IconFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    SemanticDocumentManagement:

      Version: 3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SemanticDocumentManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    PrintingPrivate:

      Version: 15
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PrintingPrivate.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhoneNumbers:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhoneNumbers.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOImageLoader:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOImageLoader.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemoteXPC:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteXPC.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarDraw:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarDraw.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudKitCodeProtobuf:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudKitCodeProtobuf.framework
      Private: Yes

    AirPlayReceiver:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AirPlayReceiver.framework
      Private: Yes

    BiometricKitUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BiometricKitUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AuthKitUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AuthKitUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaMiningKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaMiningKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleFSCompression:

      Version: 125
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleFSCompression.framework
      Private: Yes

    NetworkStatistics:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NetworkStatistics.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsAutocompleteUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsAutocompleteUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    FindMyDeviceUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FindMyDeviceUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    TTYUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TTYUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    AACCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AACCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreFollowUp:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreFollowUp.framework
      Private: Yes

    C2:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/C2.framework
      Private: Yes

    H10ISPServices:

      Version: 16.15
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/H10ISPServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    CacheDelete:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CacheDelete.framework
      Private: Yes

    StoreKitUIMac:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StoreKitUIMac.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileStoreDemoCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileStoreDemoCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    ReminderMigration:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ReminderMigration.framework
      Private: Yes

    HDRProcessing:

      Version: 1.117.54
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 1.117.54, Copyright Apple Inc, 2015-2021
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HDRProcessing.framework
      Private: Yes

    login:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/login.framework
      Private: Yes

    loginsupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/login.framework/Frameworks/loginsupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    PAImagingCore:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PAImagingCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarFoundation:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    Mail:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Mail.framework
      Private: Yes

    iTunesCloud:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iTunesCloud.framework
      Private: Yes

    DynamicDesktop:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DynamicDesktop.framework
      Private: Yes

    UniversalAccess:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework
      Private: Yes

    UAEHCommon:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework/Frameworks/UAEHCommon.framework
      Private: Yes

    UniversalAccessCore:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework/Frameworks/UniversalAccessCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    Zoom:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UniversalAccess.framework/Frameworks/Zoom.framework
      Private: Yes

    AGXGPURawCounter:

      Version: 173.28.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AGXGPURawCounter.framework
      Private: Yes

    GameKitServices:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GameKitServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    GPUSupport:

      Version: 18.5.9
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: GPUSupport 18.5.9.0.0
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GPUSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    SampleAnalysis:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SampleAnalysis.framework
      Private: Yes

    AdCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AdCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    VoiceShortcuts:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VoiceShortcuts.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppSupport:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDAV:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDAV.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSpeech:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSpeech.framework
      Private: Yes

    RunningBoardServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RunningBoardServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AOSKit:

      Version: 1.07
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsAutocomplete:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsAutocomplete.framework
      Private: Yes

    AVConference:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVConference.framework
      Private: Yes

    LegacyHandle:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVConference.framework/Frameworks/LegacyHandle.framework
      Private: Yes

    GKSPerformance:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVConference.framework/Frameworks/GKSPerformance.framework
      Private: Yes

    ViceroyTrace:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVConference.framework/Frameworks/ViceroyTrace.framework
      Private: Yes

    SimpleKeyExchange:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVConference.framework/Frameworks/SimpleKeyExchange.framework
      Private: Yes

    snatmap:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVConference.framework/Frameworks/snatmap.framework
      Private: Yes

    ICE:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVConference.framework/Frameworks/ICE.framework
      Private: Yes

    WirelessProximity:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WirelessProximity.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreUARP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreUARP.framework
      Private: Yes

    LinguisticData:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LinguisticData.framework
      Private: Yes

    TTSAsset:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TTSAsset.framework
      Private: Yes

    KnowledgeGraphKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/KnowledgeGraphKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMIPCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMIPCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConfigurationProfiles:

      Version: 13.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConfigurationProfiles.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreUtilsSwift:

      Version: 6.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreUtilsSwift.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriInference:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriInference.framework
      Private: Yes

    FindMyDevice:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FindMyDevice.framework
      Private: Yes

    UIRecording:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UIRecording.framework
      Private: Yes

    TCC:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TCC.framework
      Private: Yes

    MMCS:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MMCS.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotosFormats:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotosFormats.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreRC:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreRC.framework
      Private: Yes

    TextInputMenuUI:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TextInputMenuUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    CorePDF:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CorePDF.framework
      Private: Yes

    UIKitServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UIKitServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SecCodeWrapper:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SecCodeWrapper.framework
      Private: Yes

    Seeding:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Seeding.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileSystemServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileSystemServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilityPerformance:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilityPerformance.framework
      Private: Yes

    FusionPluginServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FusionPluginServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AssistiveControlSupport:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssistiveControlSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    GPUInfo:

      Version: 1.3.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GPUInfo.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreUI:

      Version: 2.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AuthenticationServicesCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AuthenticationServicesCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SPShared:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SPShared.framework
      Private: Yes

    GeoServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GeoServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProtocolBuffer:

      Version: 1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProtocolBuffer.framework
      Private: Yes

    CallHistory:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CallHistory.framework
      Private: Yes

    CommonUtilities:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CommonUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    DataDetectorsCore:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DataDetectorsCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    MetadataUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MetadataUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    iPodVoiceOver:

      Version: 1.4.4
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: 1.4.4, Copyright © 2009-2020 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iPodVoiceOver.framework
      Private: Yes

    QuickLookNonBaseSystem:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/QuickLookNonBaseSystem.framework
      Private: Yes

    TrustEvaluationAgent:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TrustEvaluationAgent.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafariPlatformSupport:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SafariPlatformSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    BezelServices:

      Version: 344
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 344
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BezelServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SkyLight:

      Version: 1.600.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SkyLight.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriSpeechSynthesis:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriSpeechSynthesis.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmbeddedOSSupportHost:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmbeddedOSSupportHost.framework
      Private: Yes

    WirelessCoexManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WirelessCoexManager.framework
      Private: Yes

    DistributedEvaluation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DistributedEvaluation.framework
      Private: Yes

    MessageSecurity:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MessageSecurity.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudPhotoServicesConfiguration:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudPhotoServicesConfiguration.framework
      Private: Yes

    NotificationCenterUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NotificationCenterUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemoteServiceDiscovery:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteServiceDiscovery.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotoVision:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoVision.framework
      Private: Yes

    GPUWrangler:

      Version: 6.3.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GPUWrangler.framework
      Private: Yes

    DisplayServices:

      Version: 3.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: DisplayServices 3.1
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DisplayServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SPSupport:

      Version: 10.16
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SPSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    DuetActivityScheduler:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DuetActivityScheduler.framework
      Private: Yes

    SoftwareUpdateCoreConnect:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdateCoreConnect.framework
      Private: Yes

    RenderBox:

      Version: 77
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RenderBox.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreHAP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreHAP.framework
      Private: Yes

    EAFirmwareUpdater:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EAFirmwareUpdater.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOPresentment:

      Version: 58
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOPresentment.framework
      Private: Yes

    LinkPresentation:

      Version: 146
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LinkPresentation.framework
      Private: Yes

    QuickLookUIIosmac:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/QuickLookUIIosmac.framework
      Private: Yes

    OTSVG:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OTSVG.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilityBundles:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilityBundles.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemDesktopAppearance:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemDesktopAppearance.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreAVCHD:

      Version: 6.1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreAVCHD.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSASyncProxyClient:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSASyncProxyClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppSandbox:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSandbox.framework
      Private: Yes

    WiFiCloudSyncEngine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WiFiCloudSyncEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriContactsIntents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriContactsIntents.framework
      Private: Yes

    DataDetectorsNaturalLanguage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DataDetectorsNaturalLanguage.framework
      Private: Yes

    PlugInKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PlugInKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerlogFullOperators:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerlogFullOperators.framework
      Private: Yes

    SignpostMetrics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SignpostMetrics.framework
      Private: Yes

    BiometricKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BiometricKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    NeutrinoCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NeutrinoCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    Ogma:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Ogma.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiagnosticExtensionsDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiagnosticExtensionsDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    SetupKit:

      Version: 6.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SetupKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsAgent.framework
      Private: Yes

    CorePrediction:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CorePrediction.framework
      Private: Yes

    WPDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WPDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaControlSender:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaControlSender.framework
      Private: Yes

    IconServices:

      Version: 479.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IconServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    RapportUI:

      Version: 2.6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RapportUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaKit:

      Version: 16
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Esoteric Media Manipulation
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    MFAAuthentication:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MFAAuthentication.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotoAnalysis:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoAnalysis.framework
      Private: Yes

    HIDPreferences:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HIDPreferences.framework
      Private: Yes

    MessagesKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MessagesKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    StoreKitMacHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StoreKitMacHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilityPlatformTranslation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilityPlatformTranslation.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleSauce:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleSauce.framework
      Private: Yes

    MailSupport:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MailSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    PDS:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PDS.framework
      Private: Yes

    HomeKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    FrontBoardServices:

      Version: 703.16
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FrontBoardServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AGXCompilerCore:

      Version: 173.28.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AGXCompilerCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CPAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CPAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSD:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSD.framework
      Private: Yes

    CardServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CardServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    MaterialKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MaterialKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContextualActionsClient:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContextualActionsClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    PersonaKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonaKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    kperf:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/kperf.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotosGraph:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotosGraph.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleServiceToolkit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleServiceToolkit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ExpansionSlotSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ExpansionSlotSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppSSO:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSSO.framework
      Private: Yes

    PreferencePanesSupport:

      Version: 13.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PreferencePanesSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    IntentsServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IntentsServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    DeviceIdentity:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DeviceIdentity.framework
      Private: Yes

    ClockMenuExtraPreferences:

      Version: 1.1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ClockMenuExtraPreferences.framework
      Private: Yes

    Calculate:

      Version: 1.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Calculate.framework
      Private: Yes

    LanguageModeling:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LanguageModeling.framework
      Private: Yes

    PAImaging:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PAImaging.framework
      Private: Yes

    LocalAuthenticationUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LocalAuthenticationUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    FlowFrameKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FlowFrameKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpeechRecognitionCommandServices:

      Version: 3.0.92
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpeechRecognitionCommandServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    FaceCoreLight:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FaceCoreLight.framework
      Private: Yes

    SearchAds:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SearchAds.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpotlightIndex:

      Version: 10.7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightIndex.framework
      Private: Yes

    ApplePDPHelper:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ApplePDPHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    ViewBridge:

      Version: 553.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ViewBridge.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarAgent:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarAgent.framework
      Private: Yes

    PersonalizationPortraitInternals:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonalizationPortraitInternals.framework
      Private: Yes

    ReminderKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ReminderKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScoreBoard:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScoreBoard.framework
      Private: Yes

    TrialProto:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TrialProto.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenTimeCore:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenTimeCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContextKitExtraction:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContextKitExtraction.framework
      Private: Yes

    PrintKit:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PrintKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpeechRecognitionCore:

      Version: 6.1.25
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpeechRecognitionCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriAppResolution:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriAppResolution.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioToolboxCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioToolboxCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    VideoProcessing:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VideoProcessing.framework
      Private: Yes

    BaseBoard:

      Version: 526
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BaseBoard.framework
      Private: Yes

    AssetViewer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssetViewer.framework
      Private: Yes

    AVFCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVFCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    ToneKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ToneKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileStorage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileStorage.framework
      Private: Yes

    Suggestions:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Suggestions.framework
      Private: Yes

    PassKitUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PassKitUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaConversionService:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaConversionService.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemoteConfiguration:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteConfiguration.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreLocationProtobuf:

      Version: 1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreLocationProtobuf.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiagnosticExtensions:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiagnosticExtensions.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriClientFlow:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriClientFlow.framework
      Private: Yes

    MachineSettings:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: MachineSettings Framework
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MachineSettings.framework
      Private: Yes

    ResponseKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ResponseKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleGVACore:

      Version: 108.7.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleGVACore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SearchUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SearchUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriDialogEngine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriDialogEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    ReplayKitMacHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ReplayKitMacHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    InternetAccounts:

      Version: 2.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InternetAccounts.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSuggestionsInternals:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSuggestionsInternals.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafariSafeBrowsing:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SafariSafeBrowsing.framework
      Private: Yes

    BookCoverUtility:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BookCoverUtility.framework
      Private: Yes

    PasswordServer:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PasswordServer.framework
      Private: Yes

    AirTrafficHost:

      Version: 4018.730.19
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AirTrafficHost.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriKitRuntime:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriKitRuntime.framework
      Private: Yes

    DocumentCamera:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DocumentCamera.framework
      Private: Yes

    MorphunAssetsUpdater:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MorphunAssetsUpdater.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarPersistence:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarPersistence.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarAgentLink:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarAgentLink.framework
      Private: Yes

    BackgroundTaskManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BackgroundTaskManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessoryNowPlaying:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessoryNowPlaying.framework
      Private: Yes

    GPURawCounter:

      Version: 20.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GPURawCounter.framework
      Private: Yes

    LoginUIKit:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LoginUIKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    LoginUICore:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LoginUIKit.framework/Frameworks/LoginUICore.framework
      Private: Yes

    Safari:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Safari.framework
      Private: Yes

    SPFinder:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SPFinder.framework
      Private: Yes

    RTTUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RTTUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    Transparency:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Transparency.framework
      Private: Yes

    DeviceCheckInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DeviceCheckInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    Bom:

      Version: 14.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Bom.framework
      Private: Yes

    StoreFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StoreFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    OfficeImport:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OfficeImport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AskPermission:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AskPermission.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpotlightServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AMPSharing:

      Version: 1.1.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AMPSharing.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewDeviceOutreach:

      Version: 3.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewDeviceOutreach.framework
      Private: Yes

    AirPlaySender:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AirPlaySender.framework
      Private: Yes

    Sentry:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Sentry.framework
      Private: Yes

    XCTTargetBootstrap:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/XCTTargetBootstrap.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpeakerRecognition:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpeakerRecognition.framework
      Private: Yes

    PeopleSuggester:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PeopleSuggester.framework
      Private: Yes

    OpenDirectoryConfigUI:

      Version: 10.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OpenDirectoryConfigUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    HomeKitBackingStore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeKitBackingStore.framework
      Private: Yes

    FamilyControls:

      Version: 4.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FamilyControls.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsDonationFeedback:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsDonationFeedback.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConstantClasses:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConstantClasses.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveExperimentsInternals:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveExperimentsInternals.framework
      Private: Yes

    CorePhoneNumbers:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CorePhoneNumbers.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerLog:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerLog.framework
      Private: Yes

    HID:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HID.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreThemeDefinition:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreThemeDefinition.framework
      Private: Yes

    AggregateDictionaryHistory:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AggregateDictionaryHistory.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreWiFi:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreWiFi.framework
      Private: Yes

    DFRDisplay:

      Version: 176.100.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DFRDisplay.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileIcons:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileIcons.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemMigration_SDKHeaders:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemMigration_SDKHeaders.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreADI:

      Version: 5.1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: 64-bit
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreADI.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveSupportStubs:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveSupportStubs.framework
      Private: Yes

    KerberosHelper:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/KerberosHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    AssetsLibraryServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssetsLibraryServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    ChronoServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ChronoServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMDMessageServices:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMDMessageServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleFirmwareUpdate:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleFirmwareUpdate.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOAccelerator:

      Version: 442.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOAccelerator.framework
      Private: Yes

    BioKitAggD:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BioKitAggD.framework
      Private: Yes

    CMCapture:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CMCapture.framework
      Private: Yes

    GraphicsAppSupport:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GraphicsAppSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    HomeKitCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeKitCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    PlacesKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PlacesKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    CDDataAccessExpress:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CDDataAccessExpress.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriOntologyProtobuf:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriOntologyProtobuf.framework
      Private: Yes

    iAdServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iAdServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SMBClientEngine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SMBClientEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    PegasusAPI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PegasusAPI.framework
      Private: Yes

    TransparencyDetailsViewMac:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TransparencyDetailsViewMac.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOPlatformPluginFamily:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOPlatformPluginFamily.framework
      Private: Yes

    DeviceLink:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DeviceLink.framework
      Private: Yes

    ANECompiler:

      Version: 4.2.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ANECompiler.framework
      Private: Yes

    MessagesHelperKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MessagesHelperKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleLDAP:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleLDAP.framework
      Private: Yes

    AirPlaySupport:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AirPlaySupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    ExtensionFoundation:

      Version: 19.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ExtensionFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotosImagingFoundation:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotosImagingFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemMigration:

      Version: 3306
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemMigration.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConfigProfileHelper:

      Version: 13.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConfigProfileHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    NPTKit:

      Version: 1.8.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NPTKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    FeatureFlags:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FeatureFlags.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerlogDatabaseReader:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerlogDatabaseReader.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreUtils:

      Version: 6.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreUtils.framework
      Private: Yes

    DesktopServicesPriv:

      Version: 1.21
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Desktop Services
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DesktopServicesPriv.framework
      Private: Yes

    WebDriver:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WebDriver.framework
      Private: Yes

    JavaScriptAppleEvents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/JavaScriptAppleEvents.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioTransportCommon:

      Version: 200.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioTransportCommon.framework
      Private: Yes

    VisualTestKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VisualTestKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOGPU:

      Version: 21.11
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOGPU.framework
      Private: Yes

    ODML:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ODML.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreCDPUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreCDPUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreFollowUpUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreFollowUpUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AdPlatforms:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AdPlatforms.framework
      Private: Yes

    _SceneKit_Ogma:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/_SceneKit_Ogma.framework
      Private: Yes

    UsageTracking:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UsageTracking.framework
      Private: Yes

    Admin:

      Version: 13.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 13.0, Copyright © 1998-2013 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Admin.framework
      Private: Yes

    MallocStackLogging:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MallocStackLogging.framework
      Private: Yes

    MessageProtection:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MessageProtection.framework
      Private: Yes

    MFiAuthentication:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MFiAuthentication.framework
      Private: Yes

    FamilyNotification:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FamilyNotification.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreFP:

      Version: 2.19.9
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreFP.framework
      Private: Yes

    AuthKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AuthKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ReminderKitInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ReminderKitInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerlogLiteOperators:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerlogLiteOperators.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMTransferAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMTransferAgent.framework
      Private: Yes

    Mangrove:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Mangrove.framework
      Private: Yes

    NLP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NLP.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreAccessories:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreAccessories.framework
      Private: Yes

    AMPLibrary:

      Version: 1.1.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AMPLibrary.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppContainer:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppContainer.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreWLANKit:

      Version: 16.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 16.0, Copyright © 2011-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreWLANKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    apfs_boot_mount:

      Version: 1677.141.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/apfs_boot_mount.framework
      Private: Yes

    IASUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IASUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    SidecarCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SidecarCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    TrustedAccessory:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TrustedAccessory.framework
      Private: Yes

    XARTRecovery:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/XARTRecovery.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpotlightReceiver:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightReceiver.framework
      Private: Yes

    NetAppsUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NetAppsUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudFamilyRestrictions:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudFamilyRestrictions.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreJapaneseEngine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreJapaneseEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMCore:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    InstallerDiagnostics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InstallerDiagnostics.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreChart:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreChart.framework
      Private: Yes

    ServerCompatibility:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ServerCompatibility.framework
      Private: Yes

    Restore:

      Version: 2.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Restore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpotlightDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    GPUCompiler:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GPUCompiler.framework
      Private: Yes

    DAAPKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DAAPKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    DataDeliveryServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DataDeliveryServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    QuickLookThumbnailing:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/QuickLookThumbnailing.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleLOM:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleLOM.framework
      Private: Yes

    AVFoundationCF:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVFoundationCF.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreAutoLayout:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreAutoLayout.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppStoreDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppStoreDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSAnalyticsPrivate:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSAnalyticsPrivate.framework
      Private: Yes

    AXMediaUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AXMediaUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    Noticeboard:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Noticeboard.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveEventTracker:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveEventTracker.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmbeddedOSInstall:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmbeddedOSInstall.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotoFoundation:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveInputPredictions:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveInputPredictions.framework
      Private: Yes

    Rapport:

      Version: 2.6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Rapport.framework
      Private: Yes

    BiomeStorage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BiomeStorage.framework
      Private: Yes

    WirelessDiagnostics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WirelessDiagnostics.framework
      Private: Yes

    FolderActionsKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FolderActionsKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    RTBuddyCrashlogDecoder:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RTBuddyCrashlogDecoder.framework
      Private: Yes

    PSNormalizer:

      Version: 16
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PSNormalizer.framework
      Private: Yes

    ShareSheet:

      Version: 1630
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShareSheet.framework
      Private: Yes

    AXRuntime:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AXRuntime.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileAssetUpdater:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileAssetUpdater.framework
      Private: Yes

    AOSAccountsLite:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSAccountsLite.framework
      Private: Yes

    BridgeOSInstallReporting:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BridgeOSInstallReporting.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMAP:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMAP.framework
      Private: Yes

    yara:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/yara.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewsToday:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewsToday.framework
      Private: Yes

    DeviceManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DeviceManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreServicesInternal:

      Version: 476.1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreServicesInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    RevealCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RevealCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveExperiments:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveExperiments.framework
      Private: Yes

    Email:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Email.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppStoreUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppStoreUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOAccelMemoryInfo:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOAccelMemoryInfo.framework
      Private: Yes

    Backup:

      Version: 1.18
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Backup.framework
      Private: Yes

    PDSAgent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PDSAgent.framework
      Private: Yes

    caulk:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/caulk.framework
      Private: Yes

    LocationSupport:

      Version: 2420.19.23
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LocationSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMTranscoderAgent:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMTranscoderAgent.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileDevice:

      Version: 1253.140.1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileDevice.framework
      Private: Yes

    CommonAuth:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CommonAuth.framework
      Private: Yes

    AFKUser:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AFKUser.framework
      Private: Yes

    StorageManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StorageManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreNLP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreNLP.framework
      Private: Yes

    PencilKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PencilKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    FinderSyncPriv:

      Version: 1.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FinderSyncPriv.framework
      Private: Yes

    PersonaUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonaUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppStoreFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppStoreFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    ShazamKitUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShazamKitUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarNotification:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarNotification.framework
      Private: Yes

    DigitalTouchShared:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DigitalTouchShared.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerlogCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerlogCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioResourceArbitration:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioResourceArbitration.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDuet:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuet.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleCredentialManager:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleCredentialManager.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenSharing:

      Version: 2.4.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenSharing.framework
      Private: Yes

    Geode:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Geode.framework
      Private: Yes

    AddressBookAutocomplete:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AddressBookAutocomplete.framework
      Private: Yes

    Lookup:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Lookup.framework
      Private: Yes

    CMCaptureCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CMCaptureCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    MapsSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MapsSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    ShareKit:

      Version: 668
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShareKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    TextInput:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TextInput.framework
      Private: Yes

    GraphicsServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GraphicsServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    ChunkingLibrary:

      Version: 334.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ChunkingLibrary.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMAssistantCore:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMAssistantCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewsCore:

      Version: 6.4.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewsCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SDAPI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SDAPI.framework
      Private: Yes

    SoftwareUpdate:

      Version: 6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    Lexicon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Lexicon.framework
      Private: Yes

    IDS:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDS.framework
      Private: Yes

    BridgeXPC:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BridgeXPC.framework
      Private: Yes

    Osprey:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Osprey.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriUI:

      Version: 3006.2.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioDSPManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioDSPManager.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreAUC:

      Version: 326.2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreAUC.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilitySharedSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilitySharedSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    ShareServicesCore:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShareServicesCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    BookUtility:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BookUtility.framework
      Private: Yes

    AdPlatformsCommon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AdPlatformsCommon.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreNameParser:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreNameParser.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleSRP:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleSRP.framework
      Private: Yes

    TextRecognition:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TextRecognition.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsUICore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsUICore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreKE:

      Version: 6.17.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreKE.framework
      Private: Yes

    SymptomDiagnosticReporter:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SymptomDiagnosticReporter.framework
      Private: Yes

    CSCSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CSCSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    ShazamInsights:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShazamInsights.framework
      Private: Yes

    TelephonyUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccountsDaemon:

      Version: 113
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccountsDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    SoftLinking:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftLinking.framework
      Private: Yes

    ASEProcessing:

      Version: 1.26.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 1.26.0, Copyright Apple Inc, 2015
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ASEProcessing.framework
      Private: Yes

    Futhark:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Futhark.framework
      Private: Yes

    CDDataAccess:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CDDataAccess.framework
      Private: Yes

    DACoreDAVGlue:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CDDataAccess.framework/Frameworks/DACoreDAVGlue.framework
      Private: Yes

    DACalDAV:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CDDataAccess.framework/Frameworks/DACalDAV.framework
      Private: Yes

    DADaemonSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CDDataAccess.framework/Frameworks/DADaemonSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    OpenDirectoryConfig:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OpenDirectoryConfig.framework
      Private: Yes

    SignpostSupport:

      Version: 1.60.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SignpostSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemindersToolbox:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemindersToolbox.framework
      Private: Yes

    NotesShared:

      Version: 4.8.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NotesShared.framework
      Private: Yes

    FWAVC:

      Version: 501.47
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FWAVC.framework
      Private: Yes

    NetFSServer:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NetFSServer.framework
      Private: Yes

    MessageUIMacHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MessageUIMacHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    KeyboardServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/KeyboardServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    DrawingKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DrawingKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    InstallCoordination:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InstallCoordination.framework
      Private: Yes

    Bootability:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Bootability.framework
      Private: Yes

    FusionPluginKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FusionPluginKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ShoveService:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShoveService.framework
      Private: Yes

    FeatureFlagsSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FeatureFlagsSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    DeviceToDeviceManager:

      Version: 38.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DeviceToDeviceManager.framework
      Private: Yes

    Symbolication:

      Version: 12.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symbolication.framework
      Private: Yes

    KRExperiments:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/KRExperiments.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleHIDTransportSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleHIDTransportSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    SocialServices:

      Version: 87
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SocialServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    IAP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IAP.framework
      Private: Yes

    NeutrinoKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NeutrinoKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    Montreal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Montreal.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleVA:

      Version: 6.1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleVA.framework
      Private: Yes

    VectorKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VectorKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    WiFiAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WiFiAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudDocs:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudDocs.framework
      Private: Yes

    CommunicationsFilter:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CommunicationsFilter.framework
      Private: Yes

    FamilyCircleUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FamilyCircleUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    QLCharts:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/QLCharts.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileBluetooth:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileBluetooth.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDuetStatistics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuetStatistics.framework
      Private: Yes

    ReminderKitUI:

      Version: 385
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ReminderKitUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    MarkupUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MarkupUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AttributeGraph:

      Version: 81
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AttributeGraph.framework
      Private: Yes

    ParsecModel:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ParsecModel.framework
      Private: Yes

    Slideshows:

      Version: 4.5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Slideshows.framework
      Private: Yes

    OpusFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Slideshows.framework/Frameworks/OpusFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    OpusKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Slideshows.framework/Frameworks/OpusKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    VoiceTrigger:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VoiceTrigger.framework
      Private: Yes

    FTAWD:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FTAWD.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppSSOCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSSOCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    ExchangeWebServices:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ExchangeWebServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    Reveal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Reveal.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenReader:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReader.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenReaderBrailleDriver:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: Copyright © 2008-2011 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReader.framework/Frameworks/ScreenReaderBrailleDriver.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenReaderOutput:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReader.framework/Frameworks/ScreenReaderOutput.framework
      Private: Yes

    BrailleTranslation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReader.framework/Frameworks/BrailleTranslation.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiskImages2:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiskImages2.framework
      Private: Yes

    InAppMessages:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InAppMessages.framework
      Private: Yes

    FontServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotoImaging:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoImaging.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleAccount:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleAccount.framework
      Private: Yes

    NetAuth:

      Version: 6.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NetAuth.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpeechObjects:

      Version: 9.0.43.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpeechObjects.framework
      Private: Yes

    Memories:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Memories.framework
      Private: Yes

    GameCenterFoundation:

      Version: 790.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GameCenterFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    FamilyCircle:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FamilyCircle.framework
      Private: Yes

    FoundInAppsPlugins:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FoundInAppsPlugins.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotoPrintProduct:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoPrintProduct.framework
      Private: Yes

    SharePointManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SharePointManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewDeviceOutreachMacUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewDeviceOutreachMacUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    APFS:

      Version: 1677.141.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/APFS.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleIDAuthSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleIDAuthSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AdID:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AdID.framework
      Private: Yes

    SoftwareUpdateCoreSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdateCoreSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    FileProvider:

      Version: 349.4.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FileProvider.framework
      Private: Yes

    MMCSServices:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MMCSServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    ACDEClient:

      Version: 2.0.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ACDEClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    IPTelephony:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IPTelephony.framework
      Private: Yes

    DialogEngine:

      Version: 3006.13.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DialogEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreCDPInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreCDPInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    MorphunSwift:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MorphunSwift.framework
      Private: Yes

    DCIMServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DCIMServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProofReader:

      Version: 2.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProofReader.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMFCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMFCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    PerformanceAnalysis:

      Version: 1.278.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PerformanceAnalysis.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiskImages:

      Version: 595.140.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiskImages.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemoteViewServices:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteViewServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafariFoundation:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SafariFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreRecents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreRecents.framework
      Private: Yes

    UserActivity:

      Version: 439
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UserActivity.framework
      Private: Yes

    HIDAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HIDAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    OAHSoftwareUpdate:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OAHSoftwareUpdate.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleIDSSOAuthentication:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleIDSSOAuthentication.framework
      Private: Yes

    NetworkServiceProxy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NetworkServiceProxy.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsUIMacHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsUIMacHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    TimeMachine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TimeMachine.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerlogControl:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerlogControl.framework
      Private: Yes

    UserManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UserManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmailDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmailDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    UXKit:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UXKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleNVMe:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleNVMe.framework
      Private: Yes

    AirPlaySync:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AirPlaySync.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaRemote:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaRemote.framework
      Private: Yes

    PersistentConnection:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersistentConnection.framework
      Private: Yes

    iCalendar:

      Version: 7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iCalendar.framework
      Private: Yes

    NotesUI:

      Version: 4.8.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NotesUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    SignpostCollection:

      Version: 1.60.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SignpostCollection.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreRecognition:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreRecognition.framework
      Private: Yes

    HearingUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HearingUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    nt:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/nt.framework
      Private: Yes

    SearchUICardKitProviderSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SearchUICardKitProviderSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    ChronoUIServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ChronoUIServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMDaemonCore:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMDaemonCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    HelpData:

      Version: 2.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Copyright 2000-2018, Apple Computer, Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HelpData.framework
      Private: Yes

    BehaviorMiner:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BehaviorMiner.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemMigrationUtils:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemMigrationUtils.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreNavigation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreNavigation.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleGVA:

      Version: 108.7.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleGVA.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMCoreLite:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMCoreLite.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    ClassKit:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ClassKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    MapsSuggestions:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MapsSuggestions.framework
      Private: Yes

    CPMLBestShim:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CPMLBestShim.framework
      Private: Yes

    AVFCapture:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AVFCapture.framework
      Private: Yes

    RecapPerformanceTesting:

      Version: 17
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RecapPerformanceTesting.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSuggestionsML:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSuggestionsML.framework
      Private: Yes

    XprotectFramework:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/XprotectFramework.framework
      Private: Yes

    iPodUpdater:

      Version: 306
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iPodUpdater.framework
      Private: Yes

    PrototypeTools:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PrototypeTools.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarUIKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarUIKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    MetalTools:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MetalTools.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriPlaybackControlIntents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriPlaybackControlIntents.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsPersistence:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsPersistence.framework
      Private: Yes

    IntlPreferences:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IntlPreferences.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleMediaServicesUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleMediaServicesUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AXHearingSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AXHearingSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    VisionKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VisionKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreEmoji:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreEmoji.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileObliteration:

      Version: 169.100.9.0.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileObliteration.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppStoreKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppStoreKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotoLibrary:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoLibrary.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriKitFlow:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriKitFlow.framework
      Private: Yes

    BiomePubSub:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BiomePubSub.framework
      Private: Yes

    AXCoreUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AXCoreUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    URLFormatting:

      Version: 146
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/URLFormatting.framework
      Private: Yes

    acfs:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/acfs.framework
      Private: Yes

    WiFiPeerToPeer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WiFiPeerToPeer.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProactiveML:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProactiveML.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSASubmissionClient:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSASubmissionClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileActivationMacOS:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileActivationMacOS.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleSystemInfo:

      Version: 3.1.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleSystemInfo.framework
      Private: Yes

    KeychainCircle:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/KeychainCircle.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpotlightIndexUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightIndexUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    SoftwareUpdateCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdateCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSVG:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSVG.framework
      Private: Yes

    BiomeFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BiomeFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    DFRBrightness:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DFRBrightness.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    HIDDisplay:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HIDDisplay.framework
      Private: Yes

    Notes:

      Version: 4.8.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Notes.framework
      Private: Yes

    MultitouchSupport:

      Version: 4440.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MultitouchSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSuggestions:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSuggestions.framework
      Private: Yes

    SearchFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SearchFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    FlightUtilitiesCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FlightUtilitiesCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmailAddressing:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmailAddressing.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioSession:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioSession.framework
      Private: Yes

    CPMS:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CPMS.framework
      Private: Yes

    AdPlatformsInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AdPlatformsInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    SecurityTokend:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SecurityTokend.framework
      Private: Yes

    ToneLibrary:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ToneLibrary.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDuetDataModel:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuetDataModel.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotosPlayer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotosPlayer.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewsAnalyticsUpload:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewsAnalyticsUpload.framework
      Private: Yes

    QuickLookSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/QuickLookSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    Helium:

      Version: 3.1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: Helium version 3.1.0, © Apple Inc. 2006-2013. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Helium.framework
      Private: Yes

    UAUPlugin:

      Version: 1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UAUPlugin.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreCapture:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreCapture.framework
      Private: Yes

    VisualPairing:

      Version: 1.8
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VisualPairing.framework
      Private: Yes

    CharacterPicker:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CharacterPicker.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSpotlightImportDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSpotlightImportDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    StoreJavaScript:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StoreJavaScript.framework
      Private: Yes

    StoreUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StoreUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    TimeSync:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TimeSync.framework
      Private: Yes

    GeoKit:

      Version: 2.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GeoKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    PassKitCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PassKitCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    AOSUI:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AOSUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSuggestionsUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSuggestionsUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    DirectoryServer:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DirectoryServer.framework
      Private: Yes

    CFDirectoryServer:

      Version: 11.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DirectoryServer.framework/Frameworks/CFDirectoryServer.framework
      Private: Yes

    NetworkMenusCommon:

      Version: 2.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NetworkMenusCommon.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriDailyBriefingInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriDailyBriefingInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    MetricKitSource:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MetricKitSource.framework
      Private: Yes

    WildDevices:

      Version: 200.1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: WildDevices 200.1.1, Copyright © 2018-2020 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WildDevices.framework
      Private: Yes

    DisplayTransportServices:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DisplayTransportServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreEmbeddedSpeechRecognition:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreEmbeddedSpeechRecognition.framework
      Private: Yes

    MetricMeasurement:

      Version: 0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MetricMeasurement.framework
      Private: Yes

    EAP8021X:

      Version: 14.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EAP8021X.framework
      Private: Yes

    CVNLP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CVNLP.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioPasscode:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioPasscode.framework
      Private: Yes

    TrialServer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TrialServer.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleMediaServicesUIDynamic:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleMediaServicesUIDynamic.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleVPA:

      Version: 3.26.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleVPA.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOMobileFramebuffer:

      Version: 343.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOMobileFramebuffer.framework
      Private: Yes

    ShazamKit:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShazamKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileAsset:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileAsset.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMTransferServices:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMTransferServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    QuickLookIosmac:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 5.0, Copyright Apple Inc. 2007-2013
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/QuickLookIosmac.framework
      Private: Yes

    SyncServicesUI:

      Version: 8.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SyncServicesUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioHistory:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioHistory.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriObservation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriObservation.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMF:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMF.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemAdministrationInterface:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemAdministrationInterface.framework
      Private: Yes

    SocialAppsCore:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SocialAppsCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    BoardServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BoardServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotosUIApps:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotosUIApps.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConfigurationProfilesUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConfigurationProfilesUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    IntentsFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IntentsFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudKitDaemon:

      Version: 990
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudKitDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    NearField:

      Version: 317.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NearField.framework
      Private: Yes

    IdleTimerServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IdleTimerServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AuthenticationServices:

      Version: 12.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AuthenticationServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    Quagga:

      Version: 47
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Quagga.framework
      Private: Yes

    ManagedClient:

      Version: 13.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ManagedClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    iWorkXPC:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iWorkXPC.framework
      Private: Yes

    AssistantServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssistantServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileSoftwareUpdate:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileSoftwareUpdate.framework
      Private: Yes

    WorkflowUIServices:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WorkflowUIServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    HomeKitEventRouter:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeKitEventRouter.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreLSKD:

      Version: 15.3.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreLSKD.framework
      Private: Yes

    UIKitMacHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UIKitMacHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    ClassKitUI:

      Version: 1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ClassKitUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    SharingXPCServices:

      Version: 1630
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SharingXPCServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    WeatherKit:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WeatherKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    Espresso:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Espresso.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMSharedUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMSharedUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    ktrace:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ktrace.framework
      Private: Yes

    JetUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/JetUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMFoundation:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    Heimdal:

      Version: 4.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Heimdal.framework
      Private: Yes

    DirectoryEditor:

      Version: 10.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DirectoryEditor.framework
      Private: Yes

    PegasusKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PegasusKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiagnosticRequestService:

      Version: 1.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiagnosticRequestService.framework
      Private: Yes

    MDSChannel:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MDSChannel.framework
      Private: Yes

    Symptoms:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symptoms.framework
      Private: Yes

    SymptomEvaluator:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symptoms.framework/Frameworks/SymptomEvaluator.framework
      Private: Yes

    SymptomAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symptoms.framework/Frameworks/SymptomAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    SymptomPresentationLite:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symptoms.framework/Frameworks/SymptomPresentationLite.framework
      Private: Yes

    SymptomPresentationFeed:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symptoms.framework/Frameworks/SymptomPresentationFeed.framework
      Private: Yes

    ManagedEvent:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symptoms.framework/Frameworks/ManagedEvent.framework
      Private: Yes

    SymptomNetworkUsage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Symptoms.framework/Frameworks/SymptomNetworkUsage.framework
      Private: Yes

    IDSFoundation:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDSFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    CryptoKitPrivate:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CryptoKitPrivate.framework
      Private: Yes

    TrustedPeers:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TrustedPeers.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriFindMy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriFindMy.framework
      Private: Yes

    SoftwareUpdateMacController:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdateMacController.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudFamilyRestrictionsDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudFamilyRestrictionsDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOKitten:

      Version: 200.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOKitten.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreHandwriting:

      Version: 161
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreHandwriting.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudPhotoLibrary:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudPhotoLibrary.framework
      Private: Yes

    Coherence:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Coherence.framework
      Private: Yes

    SharedWebCredentials:

      Version: 928.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SharedWebCredentials.framework
      Private: Yes

    MailUI:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MailUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    Cards:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Cards.framework
      Private: Yes

    CommerceKit:

      Version: 1.2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CommerceKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    CommerceCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CommerceKit.framework/Frameworks/CommerceCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewsTransport:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewsTransport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleJPEG:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleJPEG.framework
      Private: Yes

    BookKit:

      Version: 3.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BookKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmailFoundation:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmailFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    ANEHostCompiler:

      Version: 4.2.6
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ANEHostCompiler.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreBrightness:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreBrightness.framework
      Private: Yes

    RecoveryOS:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RecoveryOS.framework
      Private: Yes

    kperfdata:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/kperfdata.framework
      Private: Yes

    TVRemoteCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TVRemoteCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDaemon:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    Catalyst:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Catalyst.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsDonation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsDonation.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileInstallation:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileInstallation.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriTasks:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriTasks.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemoteCoreML:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteCoreML.framework
      Private: Yes

    AssetCacheServicesExtensions:

      Version: 118
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssetCacheServicesExtensions.framework
      Private: Yes

    JavaScriptOSA:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/JavaScriptOSA.framework
      Private: Yes

    BridgeOSObliteration:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BridgeOSObliteration.framework
      Private: Yes

    AssertionServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssertionServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    LocalAuthenticationRecoveryUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LocalAuthenticationRecoveryUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    ControlCenter:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ControlCenter.framework
      Private: Yes

    StorageKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StorageKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ISSupport:

      Version: 1.9.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ISSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    SignpostNotification:

      Version: 1.60.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SignpostNotification.framework
      Private: Yes

    perfdata:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/perfdata.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleScript:

      Version: 2.7
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleScript.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalDAV:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalDAV.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenTimeUI:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenTimeUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    WiFiVelocity:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WiFiVelocity.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDuetContext:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuetContext.framework
      Private: Yes

    AutoLoop:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AutoLoop.framework
      Private: Yes

    SystemAdministration:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: SystemAdministration Framework
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SystemAdministration.framework
      Private: Yes

    Timeline:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Timeline.framework
      Private: Yes

    vCard:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/vCard.framework
      Private: Yes

    MultiverseSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MultiverseSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    VideoSubscriberAccountUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VideoSubscriberAccountUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AXAssetLoader:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AXAssetLoader.framework
      Private: Yes

    MetricKitCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MetricKitCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppSupportUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSupportUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    FTServices:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FTServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    InAppMessagesCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InAppMessagesCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    WebFilterDNS:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WebFilterDNS.framework
      Private: Yes

    OAuth:

      Version: 25
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OAuth.framework
      Private: Yes

    AmbientDisplay:

      Version: 133.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AmbientDisplay.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiagnosticLogCollection:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiagnosticLogCollection.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpeechDictionary:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 8.0.5
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpeechDictionary.framework
      Private: Yes

    FindMyMac:

      Version: 3.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FindMyMac.framework
      Private: Yes

    JavaLaunching:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/JavaLaunching.framework
      Private: Yes

    WiFiPolicy:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WiFiPolicy.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreRoutine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreRoutine.framework
      Private: Yes

    PowerlogHelperdOperators:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PowerlogHelperdOperators.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileContainerManager:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileContainerManager.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudDocsDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudDocsDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    BrightnessControl:

      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BrightnessControl.framework
      Private: Yes

    PrivateFederatedLearning:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PrivateFederatedLearning.framework
      Private: Yes

    ExtensionKit:

      Version: 19.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ExtensionKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ExchangeSync:

      Version: 2002.80.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ExchangeSync.framework
      Private: Yes

    PassKitMacHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PassKitMacHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    InternationalSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InternationalSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    VFXBase:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VFXBase.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewsFoundation:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewsFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppAttestInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppAttestInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    GameCenterUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GameCenterUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiagnosticRequest:

      Version: 1.4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiagnosticRequest.framework
      Private: Yes

    MailWebProcessSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MailWebProcessSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    GameCenterUICore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GameCenterUICore.framework
      Private: Yes

    Jet:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Jet.framework
      Private: Yes

    DFRFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DFRFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContextKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContextKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    GraphKit:

      Version: 1.0.5
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GraphKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleNeuralEngine:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleNeuralEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    PodcastServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PodcastServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreCDP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreCDP.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemoteManagement:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteManagement.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriInstrumentation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriInstrumentation.framework
      Private: Yes

    WatchdogClient:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WatchdogClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    FuseBoardServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FuseBoardServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    MetricKitServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MetricKitServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    MailCore:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MailCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    EFILogin:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EFILogin.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotoLibraryServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoLibraryServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    CameraImagingFramework:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CameraImagingFramework.framework
      Private: Yes

    oncrpc:

      Version: 10.9
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/oncrpc.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhotosUICore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotosUICore.framework
      Private: Yes

    Mondrian:

      Version: 6.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Mondrian.framework
      Private: Yes

    SidecarUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SidecarUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProtectedCloudStorage:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProtectedCloudStorage.framework
      Private: Yes

    ASOctaneSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ASOctaneSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConversationKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConversationKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmbeddedAcousticRecognition:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmbeddedAcousticRecognition.framework
      Private: Yes

    RTCReporting:

      Version: 11.85.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RTCReporting.framework
      Private: Yes

    MailService:

      Version: 11.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MailService.framework
      Private: Yes

    PersonalizationPortrait:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonalizationPortrait.framework
      Private: Yes

    PacketFilter:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PacketFilter.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpotlightLinguistics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightLinguistics.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleAppSupport:

      Version: 1.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleAppSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSInstaller:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSInstaller.framework
      Private: Yes

    SAObjects:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SAObjects.framework
      Private: Yes

    XQuery:

      Version: 1.3.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: XQuery version 1.3.1, Copyright (c) 2004-2012 Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/XQuery.framework
      Private: Yes

    FinderKit:

      Version: 1.15
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FinderKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    MapsSync:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MapsSync.framework
      Private: Yes

    _RealityKit_Ogma:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/_RealityKit_Ogma.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleMediaServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleMediaServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    IncomingCallFilter:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IncomingCallFilter.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMAVCore:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMAVCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    MiniSoftwareUpdate:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MiniSoftwareUpdate.framework
      Private: Yes

    IOCEC:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IOCEC.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSymbolication:

      Version: 12.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSymbolication.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriTTS:

      Version: 1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriTTS.framework
      Private: Yes

    VoiceShortcutClient:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VoiceShortcutClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    GenerationalStorage:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GenerationalStorage.framework
      Private: Yes

    StoreServices:

      Version: 1
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StoreServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    DuetRecommendation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DuetRecommendation.framework
      Private: Yes

    SyncedDefaults:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SyncedDefaults.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriVideoIntents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriVideoIntents.framework
      Private: Yes

    SecureChannel:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SecureChannel.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMSharedUtilities:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMSharedUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    BiometricSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BiometricSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaExperience:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaExperience.framework
      Private: Yes

    DVD:

      Version: 4.1.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DVD.framework
      Private: Yes

    PerformanceTrace:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PerformanceTrace.framework
      Private: Yes

    HDAInterface:

      Version: 283.15
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: HDAInterface 283.15, Copyright © 2000-2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HDAInterface.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDuetSync:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuetSync.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContactsFoundation:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContactsFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMCoreUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMCoreUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AlgosScoreFramework:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AlgosScoreFramework.framework
      Private: Yes

    MTLCompiler:

      Version: 244.303
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MTLCompiler.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafariShared:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SafariShared.framework
      Private: Yes

    UARPiCloud:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UARPiCloud.framework
      Private: Yes

    DebugSymbols:

      Version: 195.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DebugSymbols.framework
      Private: Yes

    CardKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CardKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    ConsoleKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ConsoleKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    SocialUI:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SocialUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    AutoBugCaptureCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AutoBugCaptureCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    DTXConnectionServices:

      Version: 12.5
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DTXConnectionServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreKDL:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreKDL.framework
      Private: Yes

    InternationalTextSearch:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InternationalTextSearch.framework
      Private: Yes

    HMFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HMFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    APTransport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/APTransport.framework
      Private: Yes

    FileProviderDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FileProviderDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    SuggestionsSpotlightMetrics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SuggestionsSpotlightMetrics.framework
      Private: Yes

    DataDetectors:

      Version: 5.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DataDetectors.framework
      Private: Yes

    LockoutUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LockoutUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    EasyConfig:

      Version: 6.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EasyConfig.framework
      Private: Yes

    ChronoKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ChronoKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiagnosticsKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiagnosticsKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    iCloudNotification:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iCloudNotification.framework
      Private: Yes

    OnBoardingKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OnBoardingKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    InputTranscoder:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InputTranscoder.framework
      Private: Yes

    IDSKVStore:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDSKVStore.framework
      Private: Yes

    HearingCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HearingCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemoteTextInput:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemoteTextInput.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarWidget:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarWidget.framework
      Private: Yes

    PIP:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PIP.framework
      Private: Yes

    MTLSimImplementation:

      Version: 244.303
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MTLSimImplementation.framework
      Private: Yes

    AggregateDictionary:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AggregateDictionary.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenTimeServiceUI:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenTimeServiceUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreServicesStore:

      Version: 1122.44
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreServicesStore.framework
      Private: Yes

    XGBoostFramework:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/XGBoostFramework.framework
      Private: Yes

    SpotlightServerKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServerKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    DiskSpaceDiagnostics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DiskSpaceDiagnostics.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileKeyBag:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileKeyBag.framework
      Private: Yes

    H13ISPServices:

      Version: 3.58
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/H13ISPServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    OctagonTrust:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OctagonTrust.framework
      Private: Yes

    SetupAssistantFramework:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SetupAssistantFramework.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriIntentEvents:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriIntentEvents.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDuetDebugLogging:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuetDebugLogging.framework
      Private: Yes

    Sharing:

      Version: 1630
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Sharing.framework
      Private: Yes

    RunningBoard:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RunningBoard.framework
      Private: Yes

    SPOwner:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SPOwner.framework
      Private: Yes

    ContentKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContentKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    TextInputCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TextInputCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafeEjectGPU:

      Version: 41
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SafeEjectGPU.framework
      Private: Yes

    BatteryUIKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BatteryUIKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppSSOUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSSOUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    LoggingSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LoggingSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    Engram:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Engram.framework
      Private: Yes

    EmbeddedSensingProtocols:

      Version: 4
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/EmbeddedSensingProtocols.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSUpdate:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSUpdate.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhoneNumberResolver:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhoneNumberResolver.framework
      Private: Yes

    OSPersonalization:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/OSPersonalization.framework
      Private: Yes

    PassKitUIFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PassKitUIFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    RTTUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RTTUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    IMDPersistence:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMDPersistence.framework
      Private: Yes

    PhysicsKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhysicsKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriAudioInternal:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriAudioInternal.framework
      Private: Yes

    IntentsCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IntentsCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    CalendarUI:

      Version: 8.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    SCEP:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SCEP.framework
      Private: Yes

    PassKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PassKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    QuickLookThumbnailingDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/QuickLookThumbnailingDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    CryptoKitCBridging:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CryptoKitCBridging.framework
      Private: Yes

    CloudKitCode:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudKitCode.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafariSharedUI:

      Version: 16611
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SafariSharedUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileSpotlightIndex:

      Version: 10.7.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileSpotlightIndex.framework
      Private: Yes

    ANEServices:

      Version: 4.76
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ANEServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    StreamingZip:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/StreamingZip.framework
      Private: Yes

    AudioServerApplication:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AudioServerApplication.framework
      Private: Yes

    Apple80211:

      Version: 17.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 17.0, Copyright © 2000–2019 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Apple80211.framework
      Private: Yes

    MediaStream:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaStream.framework
      Private: Yes

    FMClient:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FMClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    Uninstall:

      Version: 1.0.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Uninstall.framework
      Private: Yes

    BookKitFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BookKitFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    WeatherFoundation:

      Version: 1.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WeatherFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    PodcastsFoundation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PodcastsFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriOntology:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriOntology.framework
      Private: Yes

    Navigation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Navigation.framework
      Private: Yes

    BackBoardServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BackBoardServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreChineseEngine:

      Version: 104
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreChineseEngine.framework
      Private: Yes

    FaceCore:

      Version: 4.3.2
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FaceCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    AXHearingCoreSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AXHearingCoreSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    UIKitSystemAppServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UIKitSystemAppServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    BiomeStreams:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BiomeStreams.framework
      Private: Yes

    ParsecUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ParsecUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    BluetoothAudio:

      Version: 19
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BluetoothAudio.framework
      Private: Yes

    MSUDataAccessor:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MSUDataAccessor.framework
      Private: Yes

    BridgeOSInstall:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BridgeOSInstall.framework
      Private: Yes

    DASDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DASDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    DCERPC:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DCERPC.framework
      Private: Yes

    BulkSymbolication:

      Version: 1.278.3
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BulkSymbolication.framework
      Private: Yes

    MetalSerializer:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MetalSerializer.framework
      Private: Yes

    ScreenReaderCore:

      Version: 10
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenReaderCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    Translation:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Translation.framework
      Private: Yes

    TemplateKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TemplateKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    iLifeMediaBrowser:

      Version: 2.15.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iLifeMediaBrowser.framework
      Private: Yes

    RemindersUICore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/RemindersUICore.framework
      Private: Yes

    MobileAccessoryUpdater:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileAccessoryUpdater.framework
      Private: Yes

    HelloWorldMacHelper:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HelloWorldMacHelper.framework
      Private: Yes

    BlastDoor:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BlastDoor.framework
      Private: Yes

    PodcastsKit:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PodcastsKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    LimitAdTracking:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LimitAdTracking.framework
      Private: Yes

    Netrb:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Netrb.framework
      Private: Yes

    MusicLibrary:

      Version: 1.0.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MusicLibrary.framework
      Private: Yes

    ParsecSubscriptionServiceSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ParsecSubscriptionServiceSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    FlightUtilities:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FlightUtilities.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreSDB:

      Version: 10.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSDB.framework
      Private: Yes

    HomeKitDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeKitDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreDuetDaemonProtocol:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuetDaemonProtocol.framework
      Private: Yes

    PromotedContentSupport:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PromotedContentSupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    Tourist:

      Version: 1.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Tourist.framework
      Private: Yes

    SMBClient:

      Version: 3.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SMBClient.framework
      Private: Yes

    SymptomReporter:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SymptomReporter.framework
      Private: Yes

    ProVideo:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProVideo.framework
      Private: Yes

    InternalSwiftProtobuf:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/InternalSwiftProtobuf.framework
      Private: Yes

    AppleShareClientCore:

      Version: 4.0.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: Low Level AppleShare Client Framework, Copyright © 2000 - 2016, Apple Inc.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleShareClientCore.framework
      Private: Yes

    WorkflowKit:

      Version: 3.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WorkflowKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    CoreCaptureDaemon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: 1.0, Copyright © 2015 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreCaptureDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    KnowledgeMonitor:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/KnowledgeMonitor.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriAnalytics:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriAnalytics.framework
      Private: Yes

    DSExternalDisplay:

      Version: 3.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Get Info String: DSExternalDisplay 3.1
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DSExternalDisplay.framework
      Private: Yes

    Trial:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Trial.framework
      Private: Yes

    BluetoothServices:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/BluetoothServices.framework
      Private: Yes

    NewsDaemon:

      Version: 6.4.1
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewsDaemon.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilitySupport:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilitySupport.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilityKit:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilitySupport.framework/Frameworks/AccessibilityKit.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilityEvents:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilitySupport.framework/Frameworks/AccessibilityEvents.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilityVisuals:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilitySupport.framework/Frameworks/AccessibilityVisuals.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccessibilityFoundation:

      Version: 2.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccessibilitySupport.framework/Frameworks/AccessibilityFoundation.framework
      Private: Yes

    AccountsUI:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AccountsUI.framework
      Private: Yes

    SiriSignals:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SiriSignals.framework
      Private: Yes

    LibraryRepair:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/LibraryRepair.framework
      Private: Yes

    SafariCore:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariCore.framework
      Private: No

    WebInspector:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebInspector.framework
      Private: No

    WebCore:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: 16612.1.29.41.4, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.; Copyright 1997 Martin Jones <mjones@kde.org>; Copyright 1998, 1999 Torben Weis <weis@kde.org>; Copyright 1998, 1999, 2002 Waldo Bastian <bastian@kde.org>; Copyright 1998-2000 Lars Knoll <knoll@kde.org>; Copyright 1999, 2001 Antti Koivisto <koivisto@kde.org>; Copyright 1999-2001 Harri Porten <porten@kde.org>; Copyright 2000 Simon Hausmann <hausmann@kde.org>; Copyright 2000, 2001 Dirk Mueller <mueller@kde.org>; Copyright 2000, 2001 Peter Kelly <pmk@post.com>; Copyright 2000 Daniel Molkentin <molkentin@kde.org>; Copyright 2000 Stefan Schimanski <schimmi@kde.org>; Copyright 1998-2000 Netscape Communications Corporation; Copyright 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper; Copyright 2001, 2002 Expat maintainers.
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebCore.framework
      Private: No

    WebInspectorUI:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebInspectorUI.framework
      Private: No

    SafariServices:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariServices.framework
      Private: No

    AuthenticationServicesCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/AuthenticationServicesCore.framework
      Private: No

    Safari:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/Safari.framework
      Private: No

    WebKitLegacy:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: 16612.1.29.41.4, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebKitLegacy.framework
      Private: No

    WebDriver:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebDriver.framework
      Private: No

    WebKit:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: 16612.1.29.41.4, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebKit.framework
      Private: No

    WebBookmarks:

      Version: 612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebBookmarks.framework
      Private: No

    SafariFoundation:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariFoundation.framework
      Private: No

    AuthenticationServices:

      Version: 12.0
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/AuthenticationServices.framework
      Private: No

    SafariShared:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariShared.framework
      Private: No

    JavaScriptCore:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: 16612.1.29.41.4, Copyright 2003-2021 Apple Inc.; Copyright 1999-2001 Harri Porten <porten@kde.org>; Copyright 2001 Peter Kelly <pmk@post.com>; Copyright 1997-2005 University of Cambridge; Copyright 1991, 2000, 2001 by Lucent Technologies.
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/JavaScriptCore.framework
      Private: No

    SafariSharedUI:

      Version: 16612
      Obtained from: Apple
      Last Modified: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Software Signing, Apple Code Signing Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariSharedUI.framework
      Private: No

    SAVI-pyexec:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Frameworks/SAVI-pyexec.framework
      Private: No

    SAVI:

      Version: 2.07.382.2
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Get Info String: SAVI 5.82.0 Copyright © 1993-2021 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved.
      Location: /Library/Frameworks/SAVI.framework
      Private: No

    SophosGenericsCommon:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Frameworks/SophosGenericsCommon.framework
      Private: No

    SophosGenericsCore:

      Version: 1.0
      Obtained from: Identified Developer
      Last Modified: 2021-08-07, 9:31 PM
      Kind: Universal
      Signed by: Developer ID Application: Sophos (2H5GFH3774), Developer ID Certification Authority, Apple Root CA
      Location: /Library/Frameworks/SophosGenericsCore.framework
      Private: No

    iTunesLibrary:

      Version: 13.1.6
      Obtained from: Unknown
      Last Modified: 2020-01-01, 3:00 AM
      Location: /Library/Frameworks/iTunesLibrary.framework
      Private: No

Graphics/Displays:

    AMD Radeon Pro 5300:

      Chipset Model: AMD Radeon Pro 5300
      Type: GPU
      Bus: PCIe
      PCIe Lane Width: x8
      VRAM (Total): 4 GB
      Vendor: AMD (0x1002)
      Device ID: 0x7340
      Revision ID: 0x0047
      ROM Revision: 113-D3220I-231
      VBIOS Version: 113-D322A1XL-012
      Option ROM Version: 113-D322A1XL-012
      EFI Driver Version: 01.01.231
      Metal Family: Supported, Metal GPUFamily macOS 2
      Displays:
        iMac:
          Display Type: Built-In Retina LCD
          Resolution: Retina 5K (5120 x 2880)
          Framebuffer Depth: 30-Bit Color (ARGB2101010)
          Main Display: Yes
          Mirror: Off
          Online: Yes
          Automatically Adjust Brightness: Yes
          Connection Type: Internal

Hardware:

    Hardware Overview:

      Model Name: iMac
      Model Identifier: iMac20,1
      Processor Name: 6-Core Intel Core i5
      Processor Speed: 3.3 GHz
      Number of Processors: 1
      Total Number of Cores: 6
      L2 Cache (per Core): 256 KB
      L3 Cache: 12 MB
      Hyper-Threading Technology: Enabled
      Memory: 8 GB
      System Firmware Version: 1554.140.20.0.0 (iBridge: 18.16.14759.0.1,0)
      Serial Number (system): C02F29LUPN5V
      Hardware UUID: D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B
      Provisioning UDID: D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B
      Activation Lock Status: Enabled

Installations:

    Gatekeeper Configuration Data:

      Version: 181
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-07, 3:34 PM

    MRTConfigData:

      Version: 1.79
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-07, 3:34 PM

    XProtectPlistConfigData:

      Version: 2147
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-07, 3:34 PM

    macOS Big Sur:

      Version: 11.4
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-07, 3:40 PM

    macOS 11.4:

      Version: 11.4
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-07, 4:03 PM

    MRTConfigData:

      Version: 1.79
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-07, 4:30 PM

    MRTConfigData:

      Version: 1.79
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-07, 4:30 PM

    EnvisionWare LPT:One:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-06-10, 3:40 PM

    EnvisionWare LPT:One:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-06-10, 3:52 PM

    EnvisionWare LPT:One:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-06-11, 3:35 PM

    XProtectPlistConfigData:

      Version: 2148
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-06-12, 11:59 AM

    Microsoft Office 2019 Volume License Serializer:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-06-21, 11:56 AM

    TeamViewer:

      Version: 15.18.5
      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-06-21, 1:51 PM

    TeamViewerHost:

      Version: 15.18.5
      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-06-21, 3:23 PM

    XProtectPlistConfigData:

      Version: 2149
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-07-08, 9:51 AM

    MRTConfigData:

      Version: 1.81
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-07-08, 9:51 AM

    TeamViewerHost:

      Version: 15.19.4
      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-07-08, 9:58 AM

    Microsoft Excel:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-07-29, 1:17 PM

    Microsoft PowerPoint:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-07-29, 1:18 PM

    Microsoft Word:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-07-29, 1:20 PM

    TeamViewerHost:

      Version: 15.20.4
      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-07-29, 1:50 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-09, 1:34 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-09, 1:37 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-09, 1:45 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-09, 2:02 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-09, 3:30 PM

    macOS 11.5.1:

      Version: 11.5.1
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-08-09, 4:12 PM

    Microsoft Excel:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-17, 12:29 PM

    Microsoft PowerPoint:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-17, 12:29 PM

    Microsoft Word:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-17, 12:30 PM

    Focusrite Control:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-17, 12:33 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-17, 12:36 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-17, 12:43 PM

    ROLI Dashboard:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-30, 12:00 PM

    'Equator 1.13.1 OSX':

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-08-30, 12:09 PM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-01, 9:55 AM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-01, 10:12 AM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-01, 10:30 AM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-01, 10:45 AM

    Deep Freeze Mac:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-01, 10:49 AM

    macOS 11.5.2:

      Version: 11.5.2
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-09-01, 11:52 AM

    ARMDC Agent Installer:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 11:20 AM

    Microsoft Excel:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 11:21 AM

    Microsoft PowerPoint:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 11:22 AM

    Microsoft Word:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 11:23 AM

    Microsoft Word:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 12:18 PM

    TeamViewerHost:

      Version: 15.21.4
      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 12:46 PM

    Safari:

      Version: 15.0
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 12:47 PM

    macOS 11.6:

      Version: 11.6
      Source: Apple
      Install Date: 2021-09-22, 1:13 PM

    EnvisionWare LPT:One:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-24, 3:11 PM

    Adobe Acrobat DC (21.007.20091):

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-24, 3:18 PM

    EnvisionWare LPT:One:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-24, 3:27 PM

    EnvisionWare LPT:One:

      Source: 3rd Party
      Install Date: 2021-09-24, 3:34 PM

Language & Region:

    User Settings:

      Requested Linguistic Assets: en
      Calendar: Gregorian
      Country Code: CA
      Language Code: en
      Locale: en_CA
      Preferred Interface Languages: en-CA
      Uses Metric System: Yes

    System Settings:

      Country Code: CA
      OS Interface Languages: en, en-GB, en-AU, en-IN, zh-Hans, zh-Hant, zh-HK, ja, es, es-419, fr, fr-CA, de, ru, pt-BR, pt-PT, it, ko, tr, nl, ar, th, sv, da, vi, nb, pl, fi, id, he, el, ro, hu, cs, ca, sk, uk, hr, ms, hi
      System Preferred Interface Languages: en-CA
      Locale: en_CA
      Text Direction: Left-To-Right
      Uses Metric System: No

    Recovery Partition Settings:

      Keyboard Code: 29
      Locale: en

Locations:

    Automatic:

      Active Location: Yes
      Services:
        Ethernet:
          Type: Ethernet
          BSD Device Name: en0
          Hardware (MAC) Address: 3c:7d:0a:0c:39:13
          IPv4:
              Addresses: 192.168.8.62
              Configuration Method: Manual
              Router: 192.168.8.254
              Subnet Masks: 255.255.255.0
          IPv6:
              Configuration Method: Automatic
          DNS:
              Server Addresses: 192.168.2.2, 192.168.2.3, 192.168.2.4
          Proxies:
              Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
              FTP Passive Mode: Yes
              HTTP Proxy Enabled: Yes
              HTTP Proxy Port: 80
              HTTP Proxy Server: 192.168.1.205
        USB 10/100/1000 LAN:
          Type: Ethernet
          BSD Device Name: en6
          IPv4:
              Configuration Method: DHCP
          IPv6:
              Configuration Method: Automatic
          Proxies:
              Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
              FTP Passive Mode: Yes
        Wi-Fi:
          Type: IEEE80211
          BSD Device Name: en1
          Hardware (MAC) Address: 88:66:5a:00:bf:ee
          IPv4:
              Configuration Method: DHCP
          IPv6:
              Configuration Method: Automatic
          Proxies:
              Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
              FTP Passive Mode: Yes
              HTTP Proxy Enabled: Yes
              HTTP Proxy Port: 80
              HTTP Proxy Server: 192.168.1.205
          IEEE80211:
              Allow Legacy Networks: 0
              Join Mode Fallback: Do Nothing
              Power Enabled: 0
              Remember Joined Networks: 1
              Require Admin Network Change: 1
              Require Admin Power Toggle: 1
              Version: 3000
        Bluetooth PAN:
          Type: Ethernet
          BSD Device Name: en5
          IPv4:
              Configuration Method: DHCP
          IPv6:
              Configuration Method: Automatic
          Proxies:
              Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
              FTP Passive Mode: Yes
        Thunderbolt Bridge:
          Type: Bridge
          BSD Device Name: bridge0
          Hardware (MAC) Address: 82:7f:1c:a1:10:00
          IPv4:
              Configuration Method: DHCP
          IPv6:
              Configuration Method: Automatic
          Proxies:
              Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
              FTP Passive Mode: Yes

Logs:

    Apple System Log (ASL) Messages:

      Source: /var/log/asl
      Size: Zero KB
      Recent Contents: 

    Printer access log:

      Source: /var/log/cups/access_log
      Size: 17 KB (17,259 bytes)
      Last Modified: 2021-09-24, 3:43 PM
      Recent Contents: ...
localhost - - [22/Sep/2021:13:27:38 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [22/Sep/2021:13:27:40 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [22/Sep/2021:13:28:12 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [22/Sep/2021:13:28:15 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [22/Sep/2021:13:28:15 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [22/Sep/2021:13:28:18 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [22/Sep/2021:13:28:28 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - dilbert [22/Sep/2021:13:27:37 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - user [22/Sep/2021:13:28:12 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - user [22/Sep/2021:13:29:17 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:11:33 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:11:40 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - user [24/Sep/2021:15:11:40 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - user [24/Sep/2021:15:11:33 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:14:11 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:14:16 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:14:16 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - user [24/Sep/2021:15:14:11 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:14:28 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - user [24/Sep/2021:15:14:28 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:01 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:05 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:05 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:06 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:07 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:10 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - user [24/Sep/2021:15:19:01 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:24 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:19:25 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - user [24/Sep/2021:15:19:24 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:28:38 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:28:47 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:28:48 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:28:48 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - dilbert [24/Sep/2021:15:28:38 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - dilbert [24/Sep/2021:15:28:47 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:18 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:20 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:26 -0400] "POST /admin/ HTTP/1.1" 401 30210 CUPS-Add-Modify-Printer successful-ok
localhost - dilbert [24/Sep/2021:15:29:26 -0400] "POST /admin/ HTTP/1.1" 200 30210 CUPS-Add-Modify-Printer successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:49 -0400] "POST /admin/ HTTP/1.1" 401 160 CUPS-Delete-Printer successful-ok
localhost - dilbert [24/Sep/2021:15:29:49 -0400] "POST /admin/ HTTP/1.1" 200 160 CUPS-Delete-Printer successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:50 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:53 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:53 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:29:56 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - dilbert [24/Sep/2021:15:28:57 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - dilbert [24/Sep/2021:15:29:50 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - dilbert [24/Sep/2021:15:30:08 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:35:19 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok
localhost - user [24/Sep/2021:15:35:19 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 726 CUPS-Get-Devices -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:35:32 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:35:32 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 200 4429 CUPS-Get-PPDs -
localhost - - [24/Sep/2021:15:43:40 -0400] "POST / HTTP/1.1" 401 221 CUPS-Get-Devices successful-ok


    Printer error log:

      Source: /var/log/cups/error_log
      Size: 69 bytes
      Last Modified: 2021-06-10, 4:52 PM
      Recent Contents: E [10/Jun/2021:16:52:42 -0400] [Job 1] Unable to get printer status.


    Installer log:

      Source: /var/log/install.log
      Size: 45.3 MB (45,273,786 bytes)
      Last Modified: 2022-11-03, 6:31 PM
      Recent Contents: ...
2021-09-24 15:59:28-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting Progress App
2021-09-24 15:59:28-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: AssertionMgr: Take com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion with type BackgroundTask for pid 703, id 0x8197
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=703, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSNotificationBundleHandler: Should notify? NO (Notification pending=0, bundle exists=0, mdmInitiatedNotificationBundleInstall=0)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: AssertionMgr: Cancel com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion for pid 703, id 0x8197
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: (null)：softwareupdated: Service connection invalidated!
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=703, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=703, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=703, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: Controller: Time interval since last scan - 2188.829097
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: Query for available updates: FINISHED
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: Controller: shouldScan - 1, productKeysInActiveForegroundTransactions - 0, client = 2, shouldScanForClient: 0
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Adding MDM client: (null) (pid = 703, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fe84eb3bfa0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fe84eb35f90>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7fe84eb16b70>)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: MSU updates found: (null)
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: Controller: Received availableUpdatesChanged notification; new updates: []; new major updates: [071-97382, 071-78704, 071-72781, 071-71342, 071-00696, 001-51042, 001-68446, 001-36735, 001-36801]
2021-09-24 15:59:41-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[703]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-09-24 16:00:51-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=703, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 16:00:51-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=703, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 16:00:51-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Removing MDM client: (null) (pid = 703, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fe84eb3bfa0>, exported interface = (null), remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7fe8518044f0>)
2021-09-24 16:00:53-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[367]: BootTimeInstall: Client loginwindow[169]: Disconnected.
2021-09-24 16:00:53-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[367]: Removing bootinstalld client, total: 0
2021-09-24 16:01:39-04 localhost Installer Progress[110]: Progress UI App Starting
2021-09-24 16:01:40-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: softwareupdated: Starting with build 11.6 (20G165)
2021-09-24 16:01:40-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Initializing SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-09-24 16:01:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Initialized SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-09-24 16:01:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2021-09-24 16:01:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-09-24 16:01:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7ff364c1e3d0 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2021-09-24 16:01:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Use standard 6 hour auto update interval
2021-09-24 16:01:41-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: authorizeWithEmptyAuthorizationForRights: Requesting provided rights: 1
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: /Library/Bundles does not exist - watching for directory creation
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Previous System Version : 11.6 (20G165), Current System Version : 11.6 (20G165)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: BackgroundActivity: Activity check-in with Interval 21600 
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=225, uid=0, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/usr/libexec/mobileassetd)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: Unable to get phases
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Unable to get the current phase name
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (null)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is loading…
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running with no progress set
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running…
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Configuring sandbox...
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Sandbox successfully configured
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: Adding bootinstalld client (loginwindow (pid = 157, uid = 0, path = /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app/Contents/MacOS/loginwindow, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fb73a8092c0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fb73a808430>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_IASBootTimeInstallClientProtocol: 0x7fb738c13030>)), total: 1
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Client loginwindow[157]: Connected.
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[157]: isModernOS = 1
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600003a4ade0: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.1, delay 0>"
	)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "25.09766";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    }
	)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "IOKit Boot"
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x600003a4ade0: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.1, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600003a4ade0: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.1, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600003a74580: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 74.9, delay -1>"
	)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[157]: ISAP: Show progress UI called
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "25.09766";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "74.90234";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 75;
	    }
	)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE";
	    };
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001948c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE";
	    };
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[157]: ISAP: Done with Phase "IOKit Boot"
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001948c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE";
	    };
	    "A147570A-D5CD-43C8-8FB3-841847F26DDD" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "A147570A-D5CD-43C8-8FB3-841847F26DDD";
	    };
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001948c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE";
	    };
	    "A147570A-D5CD-43C8-8FB3-841847F26DDD" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001954820>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "A147570A-D5CD-43C8-8FB3-841847F26DDD";
	    };
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases = (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "25.09765625";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "74.90234375";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 75;
	    }
	)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name is "IOKit Boot"
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x600003a79100: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.1, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600003a79100: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.1, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600003a79060: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 74.9, delay -1>"
	)
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Showing Progress UI
2021-09-24 16:01:43-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: There are 0 window(s) and 1 display(s), 1 window(s) will be added
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Created a window at {{0, 0}, {2560, 1440}}
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Status is ""
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Alternate status is ""
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: no background for progress added because:
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]:        and / or NOT booting from EFI loginwindow
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 1.0
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows front
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "IOKit Boot"
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "loginwindow Boot"
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001948c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE";
	    };
	    "A147570A-D5CD-43C8-8FB3-841847F26DDD" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001954960>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "A147570A-D5CD-43C8-8FB3-841847F26DDD";
	    };
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:44-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001948c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE";
	    };
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:49-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[157]: ISAP: Done with Phase "loginwindow Boot"
2021-09-24 16:01:49-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "loginwindow Boot"
2021-09-24 16:01:49-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-09-24 16:01:50-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[157]: ISAP: hide progress UI called
2021-09-24 16:01:50-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Hiding Progress UI
2021-09-24 16:01:50-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-09-24 16:01:50-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001940050>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 157;
	        UUID = "15493805-D040-4BCC-A6AB-9AE5266E69CE";
	    };
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:50-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	}
2021-09-24 16:01:50-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows out
2021-09-24 16:01:55-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting because there are no phases. There are no connected processes. The UI is not showing.
2021-09-24 16:01:55-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting Progress App
2021-09-24 16:01:55-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: AssertionMgr: Take com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion with type BackgroundTask for pid 660, id 0x8185
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=660, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSNotificationBundleHandler: Should notify? NO (Notification pending=0, bundle exists=0, mdmInitiatedNotificationBundleInstall=0)
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: AssertionMgr: Cancel com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion for pid 660, id 0x8185
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: (null)：softwareupdated: Service connection invalidated!
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=660, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=660, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=660, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: Controller: Time interval since last scan - 2325.993708
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: Query for available updates: FINISHED
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: Controller: shouldScan - 1, productKeysInActiveForegroundTransactions - 0, client = 2, shouldScanForClient: 0
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Adding MDM client: (null) (pid = 660, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7ff366611c20>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7ff366613e10>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7ff366612a10>)
2021-09-24 16:01:58-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-09-24 16:01:59-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: MSU updates found: (null)
2021-09-24 16:01:59-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: Controller: Received availableUpdatesChanged notification; new updates: []; new major updates: [071-97382, 071-78704, 071-72781, 071-71342, 071-00696, 001-51042, 001-68446, 001-36735, 001-36801]
2021-09-24 16:01:59-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[660]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-10-27 16:02:30-04 localhost Installer Progress[110]: Progress UI App Starting
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: softwareupdated: Starting with build 11.6 (20G165)
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Initializing SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Initialized SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7f8766209880 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Use standard 6 hour auto update interval
2021-10-27 16:02:58-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: authorizeWithEmptyAuthorizationForRights: Requesting provided rights: 1
2021-10-27 16:02:59-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: /Library/Bundles does not exist - watching for directory creation
2021-10-27 16:02:59-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Previous System Version : 11.6 (20G165), Current System Version : 11.6 (20G165)
2021-10-27 16:02:59-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: BackgroundActivity: Activity check-in with Interval 21600 
2021-10-27 16:02:59-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=213, uid=0, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/usr/libexec/mobileassetd)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: Unable to get phases
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Unable to get the current phase name
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (null)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is loading…
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running with no progress set
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running…
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[357]: BootTimeInstall: Configuring sandbox...
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[357]: BootTimeInstall: Sandbox successfully configured
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[357]: Adding bootinstalld client (loginwindow (pid = 165, uid = 0, path = /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app/Contents/MacOS/loginwindow, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fa86f7071f0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fa86f705330>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_IASBootTimeInstallClientProtocol: 0x7fa8709041a0>)), total: 1
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[357]: BootTimeInstall: Client loginwindow[165]: Connected.
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[165]: isModernOS = 1
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600003562620: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.1, delay 0>"
	)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "27.05078";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 27;
	    }
	)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[165]: ISAP: Show progress UI called
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "IOKit Boot"
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x600003562620: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.1, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600003562620: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.1, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000035400a0: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 72.9, delay -1>"
	)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "27.05078";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 27;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "72.94922";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 73;
	    }
	)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[165]: ISAP: Done with Phase "IOKit Boot"
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576";
	    };
	}
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001668c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576";
	    };
	}
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "797E06C8-E504-4177-BD68-27F16F30E04B" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "797E06C8-E504-4177-BD68-27F16F30E04B";
	    };
	    "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001668c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576";
	    };
	}
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "797E06C8-E504-4177-BD68-27F16F30E04B" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001668c30>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "797E06C8-E504-4177-BD68-27F16F30E04B";
	    };
	    "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001668c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576";
	    };
	}
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases = (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "27.05078125";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 27;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "72.94921875";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 73;
	    }
	)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name is "IOKit Boot"
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x60000356b9c0: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.1, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x60000356b9c0: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.1, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x60000356b8c0: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 72.9, delay -1>"
	)
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Showing Progress UI
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: There are 0 window(s) and 1 display(s), 1 window(s) will be added
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Created a window at {{0, 0}, {2560, 1440}}
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Status is ""
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Alternate status is ""
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: no background for progress added because:
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]:        and / or NOT booting from EFI loginwindow
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 1.0
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows front
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "IOKit Boot"
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "loginwindow Boot"
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "797E06C8-E504-4177-BD68-27F16F30E04B" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001670d70>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "797E06C8-E504-4177-BD68-27F16F30E04B";
	    };
	    "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001668c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576";
	    };
	}
2021-10-27 16:03:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600001668c80>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576";
	    };
	}
2021-10-27 16:02:41-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[165]: ISAP: Done with Phase "loginwindow Boot"
2021-10-27 16:02:41-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "loginwindow Boot"
2021-10-27 16:02:41-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-10-27 16:02:42-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[165]: ISAP: hide progress UI called
2021-10-27 16:02:42-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Hiding Progress UI
2021-10-27 16:02:42-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-10-27 16:02:42-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x60000167c410>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 165;
	        UUID = "94B7A8BE-D332-48AF-9B7B-CD6B778EC576";
	    };
	}
2021-10-27 16:02:42-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	}
2021-10-27 16:02:42-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows out
2021-10-27 16:02:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting because there are no phases. There are no connected processes. The UI is not showing.
2021-10-27 16:02:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting Progress App
2021-10-27 16:02:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-10-27 16:02:50-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: AssertionMgr: Take com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion with type BackgroundTask for pid 694, id 0x822F
2021-10-27 16:02:50-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-10-27 16:02:50-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=694, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-10-27 16:02:50-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSNotificationBundleHandler: Should notify? NO (Notification pending=0, bundle exists=0, mdmInitiatedNotificationBundleInstall=0)
2021-10-27 16:02:50-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: AssertionMgr: Cancel com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion for pid 694, id 0x822F
2021-10-27 16:02:50-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: (null)：softwareupdated: Service connection invalidated!
2021-10-27 16:02:50-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=694, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=694, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=694, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: Controller: Time interval since last scan - 2853578.031099
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: Query for available updates: FINISHED
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: Controller: shouldScan - 1, productKeysInActiveForegroundTransactions - 0, client = 2, shouldScanForClient: 0
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Adding MDM client: (null) (pid = 694, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7f8763637950>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7f8763635850>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7f8763638740>)
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: MSU updates found: (null)
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: Controller: Received availableUpdatesChanged notification; new updates: []; new major updates: [071-97382, 071-78704, 071-72781, 071-71342, 071-00696, 001-51042, 001-68446, 001-36735, 001-36801]
2021-10-27 16:02:51-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-10-27 16:02:52-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Periodic autoupdate action called
2021-10-27 16:02:52-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2021-10-27 16:02:52-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-10-27 16:02:52-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[694]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7fc1f713a6d0 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2021-10-27 16:03:06-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=743, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Noticeboard.framework/Versions/A/Resources/nbagent.app/Contents/MacOS/nbagent)
2021-10-27 16:03:09-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: BackgroundActivity: Starting Background Check Activity
2021-10-27 16:03:09-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: BackgroundActivity: Starting background actions now.
2021-10-27 16:03:09-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: BackgroundActions: Automatic checking disabled
2021-10-27 16:03:09-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: BackgroundActivity: Starting background download now.
2021-10-27 16:03:09-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: BackgroundActivity: Run custom background action completion
2021-10-27 16:03:09-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: DO MSU BACKGROUND ACTIONS!
2021-10-27 16:03:09-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[250]: BackgroundActivity: Finished Background Check Activity
2021-10-27 16:03:45-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[962]: Starting SKDaemon...
2021-10-27 16:03:45-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[962]: Client entitled for information
2021-10-27 16:03:45-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[962]: Adding client connection <NSXPCConnection: 0x7fe361c13870> connection on mach service named com.apple.storagekitd from pid 205
2021-10-27 16:03:45-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[962]: disk1s5s1 appears to be an APFS snapshot disk.
2021-10-27 16:03:46-04 CH-iMAC system_installd[973]: installd: Starting
2021-10-27 16:03:46-04 CH-iMAC installd[972]: installd: Starting
2021-10-27 16:03:46-04 CH-iMAC system_installd[973]: installd: uid=0, euid=0
2021-10-27 16:03:46-04 CH-iMAC installd[972]: installd: uid=0, euid=0
2021-10-27 16:03:46-04 CH-iMAC syspolicyd[205]: Connected to daemon. Language set to: en
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 localhost Installer Progress[110]: Progress UI App Starting
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: softwareupdated: Starting with build 11.6 (20G165)
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Initializing SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Initialized SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7f891c9042a0 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Use standard 6 hour auto update interval
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: authorizeWithEmptyAuthorizationForRights: Requesting provided rights: 1
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: /Library/Bundles does not exist - watching for directory creation
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Previous System Version : 11.6 (20G165), Current System Version : 11.6 (20G165)
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: BackgroundActivity: Activity check-in with Interval 21600 
2021-11-02 16:11:57-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=250, uid=0, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/usr/libexec/mobileassetd)
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[360]: BootTimeInstall: Configuring sandbox...
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: Unable to get phases
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Unable to get the current phase name
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (null)
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is loading…
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running with no progress set
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running…
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[360]: BootTimeInstall: Sandbox successfully configured
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[360]: Adding bootinstalld client (loginwindow (pid = 173, uid = 0, path = /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app/Contents/MacOS/loginwindow, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7f81e83067a0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7f81e83048e0>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_IASBootTimeInstallClientProtocol: 0x7f81e6413af0>)), total: 1
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[360]: BootTimeInstall: Client loginwindow[173]: Connected.
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[173]: isModernOS = 1
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027fdf00: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.5, delay 0>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "27.53906";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 28;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027fdf00: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.5, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027fdf00: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.5, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027f9a20: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 72.5, delay -1>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[173]: ISAP: Show progress UI called
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "27.53906";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 28;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "72.46094";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 72;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004d8140>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[173]: ISAP: Done with Phase "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004d8140>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E";
	    };
	    "FE3B5393-1637-4EDE-A4C0-807F32215BD2" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "FE3B5393-1637-4EDE-A4C0-807F32215BD2";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:00-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004d8140>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E";
	    };
	    "FE3B5393-1637-4EDE-A4C0-807F32215BD2" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004e00a0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "FE3B5393-1637-4EDE-A4C0-807F32215BD2";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases = (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "27.5390625";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 28;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "72.4609375";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 72;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name is "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027ce540: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.5, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027ce540: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 27.5, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027ce6a0: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 72.5, delay -1>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Showing Progress UI
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: There are 0 window(s) and 1 display(s), 1 window(s) will be added
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Created a window at {{0, 0}, {2560, 1440}}
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Status is ""
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Alternate status is ""
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: no background for progress added because:
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]:        and / or NOT booting from EFI loginwindow
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 1.0
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows front
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004d8140>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E";
	    };
	    "FE3B5393-1637-4EDE-A4C0-807F32215BD2" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004e4190>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "FE3B5393-1637-4EDE-A4C0-807F32215BD2";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:01-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004d8140>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:08-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[173]: ISAP: Done with Phase "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:12:08-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:12:08-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-11-02 16:12:09-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[173]: ISAP: hide progress UI called
2021-11-02 16:12:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Hiding Progress UI
2021-11-02 16:12:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-11-02 16:12:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004f8f00>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 173;
	        UUID = "C18CEFA7-4A37-4EA7-B86E-7AB6CFF9372E";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	}
2021-11-02 16:12:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows out
2021-11-02 16:12:14-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting because there are no phases. There are no connected processes. The UI is not showing.
2021-11-02 16:12:14-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting Progress App
2021-11-02 16:12:14-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: AssertionMgr: Take com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion with type BackgroundTask for pid 685, id 0x81A2
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=685, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: SUOSNotificationBundleHandler: Should notify? NO (Notification pending=0, bundle exists=0, mdmInitiatedNotificationBundleInstall=0)
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: AssertionMgr: Cancel com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion for pid 685, id 0x81A2
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=685, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: (null)：softwareupdated: Service connection invalidated!
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=685, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: Query for available updates: FINISHED
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=685, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: Controller: Time interval since last scan - 3372545.156937
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: Controller: shouldScan - 1, productKeysInActiveForegroundTransactions - 0, client = 2, shouldScanForClient: 0
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Adding MDM client: (null) (pid = 685, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7f891b42b7e0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7f891b429590>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7f891b42c600>)
2021-11-02 16:12:18-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[685]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-11-02 16:14:36-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=685, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:14:36-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Removing MDM client: (null) (pid = 685, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7f891b42b7e0>, exported interface = (null), remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7f891b4292e0>)
2021-11-02 16:14:36-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[281]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=685, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:14:53-04 localhost Installer Progress[110]: Progress UI App Starting
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: softwareupdated: Starting with build 11.6 (20G165)
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Initializing SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Initialized SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7fa5dd418120 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Use standard 6 hour auto update interval
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: authorizeWithEmptyAuthorizationForRights: Requesting provided rights: 1
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: /Library/Bundles does not exist - watching for directory creation
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Previous System Version : 11.6 (20G165), Current System Version : 11.6 (20G165)
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: BackgroundActivity: Activity check-in with Interval 21600 
2021-11-02 16:14:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=253, uid=0, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/usr/libexec/mobileassetd)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: Unable to get phases
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Unable to get the current phase name
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (null)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is loading…
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running with no progress set
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running…
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Configuring sandbox...
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Sandbox successfully configured
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: Adding bootinstalld client (loginwindow (pid = 169, uid = 0, path = /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app/Contents/MacOS/loginwindow, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fb0fcc157d0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fb0fcc13e00>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_IASBootTimeInstallClientProtocol: 0x7fb0fcc16070>)), total: 1
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Client loginwindow[169]: Connected.
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[169]: isModernOS = 1
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027be120: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 24.8, delay 0>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "24.80469";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[169]: ISAP: Show progress UI called
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027be120: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 24.8, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027be120: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 24.8, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x6000027be180: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 75.2, delay -1>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "24.80469";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "75.19531";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 75;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[169]: ISAP: Done with Phase "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004bd590>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "38ABDE87-FC0D-4A24-BDE7-E9E799D5CFFF" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "38ABDE87-FC0D-4A24-BDE7-E9E799D5CFFF";
	    };
	    "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004bd590>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "38ABDE87-FC0D-4A24-BDE7-E9E799D5CFFF" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004b0000>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "38ABDE87-FC0D-4A24-BDE7-E9E799D5CFFF";
	    };
	    "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004bd590>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases = (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "24.8046875";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "75.1953125";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 75;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name is "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x600002791e40: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 24.8, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600002791e40: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 24.8, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600002791e20: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 75.2, delay -1>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Showing Progress UI
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: There are 0 window(s) and 1 display(s), 1 window(s) will be added
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Created a window at {{0, 0}, {2560, 1440}}
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Status is ""
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Alternate status is ""
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: no background for progress added because:
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]:        and / or NOT booting from EFI loginwindow
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 1.0
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows front
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "38ABDE87-FC0D-4A24-BDE7-E9E799D5CFFF" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004a0960>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "38ABDE87-FC0D-4A24-BDE7-E9E799D5CFFF";
	    };
	    "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004bd590>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:14:58-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004bd590>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:15:03-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[169]: ISAP: Done with Phase "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:15:03-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:15:03-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-11-02 16:15:04-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[169]: ISAP: hide progress UI called
2021-11-02 16:15:04-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Hiding Progress UI
2021-11-02 16:15:04-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-11-02 16:15:04-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000004be9e0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 169;
	        UUID = "70ED8CED-EB49-4491-BEF4-176CFDC22341";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:15:04-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	}
2021-11-02 16:15:04-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows out
2021-11-02 16:15:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting because there are no phases. There are no connected processes. The UI is not showing.
2021-11-02 16:15:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting Progress App
2021-11-02 16:15:09-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: AssertionMgr: Take com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion with type BackgroundTask for pid 657, id 0x817C
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=657, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSNotificationBundleHandler: Should notify? NO (Notification pending=0, bundle exists=0, mdmInitiatedNotificationBundleInstall=0)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: AssertionMgr: Cancel com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion for pid 657, id 0x817C
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: (null)：softwareupdated: Service connection invalidated!
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=657, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=657, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: Query for available updates: FINISHED
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=657, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: Controller: Time interval since last scan - 3372720.442657
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: Controller: shouldScan - 1, productKeysInActiveForegroundTransactions - 0, client = 2, shouldScanForClient: 0
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Adding MDM client: (null) (pid = 657, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fa5dd5331e0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fa5ded0b6b0>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7fa5dd534070>)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: MSU updates found: (null)
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: Controller: Received availableUpdatesChanged notification; new updates: []; new major updates: [071-97382, 071-78704, 071-72781, 071-71342, 071-00696, 001-51042, 001-68446, 001-36735, 001-36801]
2021-11-02 16:15:13-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[875]: Starting SKDaemon...
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[875]: Client entitled for information
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[875]: Adding client connection <NSXPCConnection: 0x7fd269804590> connection on mach service named com.apple.storagekitd from pid 187
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[875]: disk1s5s1 appears to be an APFS snapshot disk.
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC system_installd[886]: installd: Starting
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC system_installd[886]: installd: uid=0, euid=0
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC installd[881]: installd: Starting
2021-11-02 16:19:51-04 CH-iMAC installd[881]: installd: uid=0, euid=0
2021-11-02 16:19:52-04 CH-iMAC syspolicyd[187]: Connected to daemon. Language set to: en
2021-11-02 16:20:03-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Periodic autoupdate action called
2021-11-02 16:20:03-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2021-11-02 16:20:03-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:20:03-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[657]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7f8954408140 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: BackgroundActivity: Starting Background Check Activity
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: BackgroundActivity: Starting background actions now.
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: BackgroundActions: Automatic checking disabled
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: BackgroundActivity: Starting background download now.
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: BackgroundActivity: Run custom background action completion
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: DO MSU BACKGROUND ACTIONS!
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: BackgroundActivity: Finished Background Check Activity
2021-11-02 16:21:25-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=991, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Noticeboard.framework/Versions/A/Resources/nbagent.app/Contents/MacOS/nbagent)
2021-11-02 16:21:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=657, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:21:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=657, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:21:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Removing MDM client: (null) (pid = 657, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fa5dd5331e0>, exported interface = (null), remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7fa5dea0ff60>)
2021-11-02 16:21:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[285]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=991, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Noticeboard.framework/Versions/A/Resources/nbagent.app/Contents/MacOS/nbagent)
2021-11-02 16:22:12-04 localhost Installer Progress[110]: Progress UI App Starting
2021-11-02 16:22:14-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: softwareupdated: Starting with build 11.6 (20G165)
2021-11-02 16:22:14-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Initializing SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-11-02 16:22:15-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Initialized SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2021-11-02 16:22:15-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2021-11-02 16:22:15-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:22:15-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7fc56f41d730 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2021-11-02 16:22:15-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Use standard 6 hour auto update interval
2021-11-02 16:22:15-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: authorizeWithEmptyAuthorizationForRights: Requesting provided rights: 1
2021-11-02 16:22:16-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: /Library/Bundles does not exist - watching for directory creation
2021-11-02 16:22:16-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Previous System Version : 11.6 (20G165), Current System Version : 11.6 (20G165)
2021-11-02 16:22:16-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: BackgroundActivity: Activity check-in with Interval 21600 
2021-11-02 16:22:16-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=256, uid=0, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/usr/libexec/mobileassetd)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: Unable to get phases
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Unable to get the current phase name
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (null)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is loading…
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running with no progress set
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running…
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Configuring sandbox...
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Sandbox successfully configured
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: Adding bootinstalld client (loginwindow (pid = 171, uid = 0, path = /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app/Contents/MacOS/loginwindow, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fedf7e07980>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fedf7e06420>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_IASBootTimeInstallClientProtocol: 0x7fedf90041a0>)), total: 1
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[372]: BootTimeInstall: Client loginwindow[171]: Connected.
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[171]: isModernOS = 1
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600000638440: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.0, delay 0>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = 25;
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[171]: ISAP: Show progress UI called
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x600000638440: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.0, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600000638440: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.0, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600000617900: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 75.0, delay -1>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = 25;
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = 75;
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 75;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[171]: ISAP: Done with Phase "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600002504870>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600002504870>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028";
	    };
	    "C1AB3A09-7281-43BD-B85E-6858D5CA3850" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "C1AB3A09-7281-43BD-B85E-6858D5CA3850";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600002504870>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028";
	    };
	    "C1AB3A09-7281-43BD-B85E-6858D5CA3850" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600002504a00>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "C1AB3A09-7281-43BD-B85E-6858D5CA3850";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases = (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = 25;
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 25;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = 75;
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 75;
	    }
	)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name is "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x60000060d2e0: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.0, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x60000060d2e0: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 25.0, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x60000060d340: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 75.0, delay -1>"
	)
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Showing Progress UI
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: There are 0 window(s) and 1 display(s), 1 window(s) will be added
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Created a window at {{0, 0}, {2560, 1440}}
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Status is ""
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Alternate status is ""
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: no background for progress added because:
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]:        and / or NOT booting from EFI loginwindow
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 1.0
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows front
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "IOKit Boot"
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600002504870>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028";
	    };
	    "C1AB3A09-7281-43BD-B85E-6858D5CA3850" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000025146e0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "C1AB3A09-7281-43BD-B85E-6858D5CA3850";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:17-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600002504870>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:23-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[171]: ISAP: Done with Phase "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:22:23-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "loginwindow Boot"
2021-11-02 16:22:23-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2021-11-02 16:22:24-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[171]: ISAP: hide progress UI called
2021-11-02 16:22:24-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Hiding Progress UI
2021-11-02 16:22:24-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-11-02 16:22:24-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x60000251d400>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 171;
	        UUID = "A8FF88DD-51DF-432A-9FE5-DB680EEEF028";
	    };
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:24-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	}
2021-11-02 16:22:24-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows out
2021-11-02 16:22:29-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting because there are no phases. There are no connected processes. The UI is not showing.
2021-11-02 16:22:29-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting Progress App
2021-11-02 16:22:29-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: AssertionMgr: Take com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion with type BackgroundTask for pid 648, id 0x8187
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=648, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSNotificationBundleHandler: Should notify? NO (Notification pending=0, bundle exists=0, mdmInitiatedNotificationBundleInstall=0)
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: AssertionMgr: Cancel com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion for pid 648, id 0x8187
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: (null)：softwareupdated: Service connection invalidated!
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=648, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=648, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=648, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: Query for available updates: FINISHED
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: Controller: Time interval since last scan - 3373159.702623
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: Controller: shouldScan - 1, productKeysInActiveForegroundTransactions - 0, client = 2, shouldScanForClient: 0
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[286]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Adding MDM client: (null) (pid = 648, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fc56f43ecb0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fc56f43cc40>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7fc56f441660>)
2021-11-02 16:22:32-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[648]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[758]: Starting SKDaemon...
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[758]: Client entitled for information
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[758]: Adding client connection <NSXPCConnection: 0x7f8b94604640> connection on mach service named com.apple.storagekitd from pid 172
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC storagekitd[758]: disk1s5s1 appears to be an APFS snapshot disk.
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC system_installd[764]: installd: Starting
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC system_installd[764]: installd: uid=0, euid=0
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC installd[765]: installd: Starting
2021-11-02 16:28:18-04 CH-iMAC installd[765]: installd: uid=0, euid=0
2021-11-02 16:28:19-04 CH-iMAC syspolicyd[172]: Connected to daemon. Language set to: en
2022-11-03 18:31:38-04 localhost Installer Progress[110]: Progress UI App Starting
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: softwareupdated: Starting with build 11.6 (20G165)
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Initializing SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Initialized SoftwareUpdateMacController (SUMacControllerServer)
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: SUOSUAlarmObserver: Setting alarm event stream handler
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Error reading /var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state: Error Domain=NSCocoaErrorDomain Code=260 "The file “com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state” couldn’t be opened because there is no such file." UserInfo={NSFilePath=/var/folders/zz/zyxvpxvq6csfxvn_n00000s0000068/C/com.apple.OSUpdate.SUOSUServiceDaemon.state, NSUnderlyingError=0x7fc078f0f820 {Error Domain=NSPOSIXErrorDomain Code=2 "No such file or directory"}}
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Use standard 6 hour auto update interval
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: authorizeWithEmptyAuthorizationForRights: Requesting provided rights: 1
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: /Library/Bundles does not exist - watching for directory creation
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Previous System Version : 11.6 (20G165), Current System Version : 11.6 (20G165)
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: BackgroundActivity: Activity check-in with Interval 21600 
2022-11-03 18:31:49-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=237, uid=0, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/usr/libexec/mobileassetd)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases = (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "26.5625";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 27;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "73.4375";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 73;
	    }
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name is "loginwindow Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x600001422800: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 73.4, delay -1>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600001422780: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 26.6, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600001422800: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 73.4, delay -1>"
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is loading…
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Progress app is running…
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[368]: BootTimeInstall: Configuring sandbox...
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[368]: BootTimeInstall: Sandbox successfully configured
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[368]: Adding bootinstalld client (loginwindow (pid = 158, uid = 0, path = /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app/Contents/MacOS/loginwindow, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fc97ac157d0>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fc97ac14030>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_IASBootTimeInstallClientProtocol: 0x7fc97ad052d0>)), total: 1
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC bootinstalld[368]: BootTimeInstall: Client loginwindow[158]: Connected.
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[158]: isModernOS = 1
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "(null)", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x60000143d480: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 26.2, delay 0>"
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "26.17188";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 26;
	    }
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[158]: ISAP: Show progress UI called
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "IOKit Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x60000143d480: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 26.2, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x60000143d480: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 26.2, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x60000141c6e0: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 73.8, delay -1>"
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[158]: ISAP: Done with Phase "IOKit Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases set to (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "26.17188";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 26;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "73.82812";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 74;
	    }
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47";
	    };
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000037206e0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47";
	    };
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "0768FA9B-718B-4EAF-897E-78C75FE8AF9B" =     {
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "0768FA9B-718B-4EAF-897E-78C75FE8AF9B";
	    };
	    "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000037206e0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47";
	    };
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "0768FA9B-718B-4EAF-897E-78C75FE8AF9B" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600003708230>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "0768FA9B-718B-4EAF-897E-78C75FE8AF9B";
	    };
	    "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000037206e0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47";
	    };
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhaseList: phases = (
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = 0;
	        InstallPhase = "IOKit Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "26.171875";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 26;
	    },
	        {
	        ConclusionDelay = "-1";
	        InstallPhase = "loginwindow Boot";
	        InstallPhaseActualPercentageKey = "73.828125";
	        InstallPhasePercentageKey = 74;
	    }
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASGetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name is "IOKit Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: currentPhase = "<IASPPhase: 0x600001422580: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 26.2, delay 0>", phases = (
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600001422580: 'IOKit Boot', percentage 26.2, delay 0>",
	    "<IASPPhase: 0x600001422540: 'loginwindow Boot', percentage 73.8, delay -1>"
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Showing Progress UI
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: There are 0 window(s) and 1 display(s), 1 window(s) will be added
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Created a window at {{0, 0}, {2560, 1440}}
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Status is ""
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Alternate status is ""
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: no background for progress added because:
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]:        and / or NOT booting from EFI loginwindow
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 1.0
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows front
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "IOKit Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASSetCurrentInstallPhase: Current phase name set to "loginwindow Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "0768FA9B-718B-4EAF-897E-78C75FE8AF9B" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x60000370c0a0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "IOKit Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "0768FA9B-718B-4EAF-897E-78C75FE8AF9B";
	    };
	    "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000037206e0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47";
	    };
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x6000037206e0>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47";
	    };
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:46-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[158]: ISAP: Done with Phase "loginwindow Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:46-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Done with phase = "loginwindow Boot"
2022-11-03 18:31:46-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: IASClearInstallProgress: Clearing Registry
2022-11-03 18:31:47-04 CH-iMAC loginwindow[158]: ISAP: hide progress UI called
2022-11-03 18:31:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Hiding Progress UI
2022-11-03 18:31:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2022-11-03 18:31:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	    "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47" =     {
	        CompletionHandlerKey = "<__NSMallocBlock__: 0x600003730140>";
	        "Phase Name" = "loginwindow Boot";
	        "Process ID" = 158;
	        UUID = "89C44424-C0DF-4AAF-9147-A3D13D6A0C47";
	    };
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Connected processes {
	}
2022-11-03 18:31:47-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Ordering windows out
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting because there are no phases. There are no connected processes. The UI is not showing.
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Quitting Progress App
2022-11-03 18:31:52-04 CH-iMAC Installer Progress[110]: Setting window alpha values to 0.0
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: AssertionMgr: Take com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion with type BackgroundTask for pid 676, id 0x81C4
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=676, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: SUOSNotificationBundleHandler: Should notify? NO (Notification pending=0, bundle exists=0, mdmInitiatedNotificationBundleInstall=0)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: AssertionMgr: Cancel com.apple.softwareupdate.NotifyAgentAssertion-LoginDone assertion for pid 676, id 0x81C4
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: (null)：softwareupdated: Service connection invalidated!
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Removing client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=676, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=676, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: Adding client SUUpdateServiceClient pid=676, uid=503, installAuth=NO rights=(), transactions=0 (/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: Controller: Time interval since last scan - 35003322.600478
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: Query for available updates: FINISHED
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: Controller: shouldScan - 1, productKeysInActiveForegroundTransactions - 0, client = 2, shouldScanForClient: 0
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: SUOSUAuthenticationManager: Disabling local authentication requirement
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: SUOSUServiceDaemon: Adding MDM client: (null) (pid = 676, uid = 503, path = /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager, connection remote object interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fc07a124a20>, exported interface = <NSXPCInterface: 0x7fc07a1068f0>, remote object proxy = <__NSXPCInterfaceProxy_SUOSUServiceClientProtocol: 0x7fc07a125840>)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC softwareupdated[280]: MSU updates found: (null)
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: Controller: Received availableUpdatesChanged notification; new updates: []; new major updates: [071-97382, 071-78704, 071-72781, 071-71342, 071-00696, 001-51042, 001-68446, 001-36735, 001-36801]
2022-11-03 18:31:55-04 CH-iMAC SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager[676]: SUOSUShimController: Armed: 0, with mode: 0, date: (null), updates queued for later: (
	)


    Disc recording log:

      Source: /Users/user/Library/Logs/DiscRecording.log
      Size: 176 bytes
      Last Modified: 2021-09-24, 3:42 PM
      Recent Contents: 

********************************
Finder: DRDeviceCopyDeviceForBSDName(disk2s1) failed


********************************
Finder: DRDeviceCopyDeviceForBSDName(disk2s1) failed


    Filesystem repair log:

      Source: /var/log/fsck_hfs.log
      Size: 14 KB (13,915 bytes)
      Last Modified: 2021-09-24, 3:10 PM
      Recent Contents: 
/dev/rdisk4: fsck_hfs started at Mon Jun  7 16:30:53 2021
/dev/rdisk4: /dev/rdisk4: ERROR: volume /private/var/setup is mounted with write access. Re-run with (-l) to freeze volume.
/dev/rdisk4: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Jun  7 16:30:53 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Thu Jun 10 16:48:12 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Thu Jun 10 16:48:12 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Thu Jun 10 16:48:12 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Thu Jun 10 16:48:12 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Sat Jun 12 15:37:58 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Sat Jun 12 15:37:58 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Sat Jun 12 15:37:58 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Sat Jun 12 15:37:58 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Jun 21 13:50:54 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Jun 21 13:50:54 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Jun 21 13:50:55 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Jun 21 13:50:55 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Jun 21 15:23:08 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Jun 21 15:23:08 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Jun 21 15:23:09 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Jun 21 15:23:09 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug  9 13:34:16 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug  9 13:34:16 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug  9 13:45:01 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug  9 13:45:01 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug  9 14:01:40 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug  9 14:01:40 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug  9 15:27:05 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug  9 15:27:05 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug  9 16:05:26 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug  9 16:05:26 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug  9 16:05:26 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug  9 16:05:26 2021


/dev/rdisk6s1: fsck_hfs started at Tue Aug 17 12:36:13 2021
/dev/rdisk6s1: /dev/rdisk6s1: ** /dev/rdisk6s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk6s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk6s1: fsck_hfs completed at Tue Aug 17 12:36:13 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Tue Aug 17 12:42:51 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Tue Aug 17 12:42:51 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug 30 11:35:22 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug 30 11:35:22 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Mon Aug 30 11:35:23 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Mon Aug 30 11:35:23 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 08:45:31 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 08:45:31 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 08:45:32 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 08:45:32 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 09:51:36 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 09:51:36 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 09:51:37 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 09:51:37 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 09:54:57 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 09:54:57 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 10:12:07 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 10:12:07 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 10:29:58 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 10:29:58 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 10:45:24 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 10:45:24 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 10:48:55 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 10:48:55 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 11:08:18 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 11:08:18 2021


/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 11:08:18 2021
/dev/rdisk3s1: /dev/rdisk3s1: ** /dev/rdisk3s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 11:08:18 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 11:46:57 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 11:46:57 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep  1 11:46:57 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep  1 11:46:57 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:32:16 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:32:16 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:32:17 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:32:17 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:37:42 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:37:42 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:37:42 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:37:42 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:49:57 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:49:57 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:49:57 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:49:57 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:59:42 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:59:42 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 11:59:42 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 11:59:42 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 12:13:53 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 12:13:53 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 12:13:54 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 12:13:54 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 12:26:21 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 12:26:21 2021


/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 12:26:21 2021
/dev/rdisk2s2: /dev/rdisk2s2: ** /dev/rdisk2s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 12:26:21 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 12:26:35 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 12:26:35 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 12:26:35 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 12:26:35 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 13:07:50 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 13:07:50 2021


/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs started at Wed Sep 22 13:07:50 2021
/dev/rdisk2s1: /dev/rdisk2s1: ** /dev/rdisk2s1 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk2s1:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk2s1: fsck_hfs completed at Wed Sep 22 13:07:50 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Fri Sep 24 15:10:26 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Fri Sep 24 15:10:26 2021


/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs started at Fri Sep 24 15:10:26 2021
/dev/rdisk3s2: /dev/rdisk3s2: ** /dev/rdisk3s2 (NO WRITE)
/dev/rdisk3s2:    Executing fsck_hfs (version hfs-556.100.11).
QUICKCHECK ONLY; FILESYSTEM CLEAN
/dev/rdisk3s2: fsck_hfs completed at Fri Sep 24 15:10:26 2021



    Kernel log:

      Source: /var/log/asl
      Size: Zero KB
      Recent Contents: 

    NVRAM contents:

      Source: /usr/sbin/nvram -xp
      Size: 6 KB (6,270 bytes)
      Last Modified: 2022-11-03, 7:10 PM
      Recent Contents: <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">
<dict>
    <key>EFIBluetoothDelay</key>
    <data>
    uAs=
    </data>
    <key>GPUROM</key>
    <data>
    TlVQRA==
    </data>
    <key>HW_BOOT_DATA</key>
    <data>
    AQAAAAMGCQAAMSAjMQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAcJAAACRSMxAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACAkAABEy
    AQEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJCQAAMDEiAwAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJAAAGIBQxAAAAAAAAAAAA
    AAAAAQkAAFUgFjEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCQAAKFkWMQAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMJAAAAGBcx
    AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAABAkAAFAYGTEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFCQAAQBkhMQAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
    AA==
    </data>
    <key>IONVRAM-SYNCNOW-PROPERTY</key>
    <data>
    SU9OVlJBTS1TWU5DTk9XLVBST1BFUlRZ
    </data>
    <key>LocationServicesEnabled</key>
    <data>
    AQ==
    </data>
    <key>PSFU_STATUS</key>
    <data>
    Tk9VUEQ=
    </data>
    <key>SystemAudioVolume</key>
    <data>
    EA==
    </data>
    <key>auto-boot</key>
    <data>
    dHJ1ZQ==
    </data>
    <key>backlight-level</key>
    <data>
    fIk=
    </data>
    <key>bluetoothActiveControllerInfo</key>
    <data>
    lgCsBQAAAAAAAIhmWgr2Fg==
    </data>
    <key>bluetoothInternalControllerInfo</key>
    <data>
    lgCsBQAAAACIZloK9hY=
    </data>
    <key>display-config</key>
    <data>
    AAAlAXMI//8BAA==
    </data>
    <key>efi-backup-boot-device</key>
    <data>
    PGFycmF5PjxkaWN0PjxrZXk+SU9NYXRjaDwva2V5PjxkaWN0PjxrZXk+SU9Qcm92aWRl
    ckNsYXNzPC9rZXk+PHN0cmluZz5JT01lZGlhPC9zdHJpbmc+PGtleT5JT1Byb3BlcnR5
    TWF0Y2g8L2tleT48ZGljdD48a2V5PlVVSUQ8L2tleT48c3RyaW5nPkEyRkEyMjQwLTRE
    NjMtNERERC1BOUIwLTUyNTBDMDE5QzU0NTwvc3RyaW5nPjwvZGljdD48L2RpY3Q+PGtl
    eT5CTExhc3RCU0ROYW1lPC9rZXk+PHN0cmluZz5kaXNrMXMyPC9zdHJpbmc+PC9kaWN0
    PjxkaWN0PjxrZXk+SU9FRklEZXZpY2VQYXRoVHlwZTwva2V5PjxzdHJpbmc+TWVkaWFG
    aWxlUGF0aDwvc3RyaW5nPjxrZXk+UGF0aDwva2V5PjxzdHJpbmc+XDVDN0I3NzlDLUFF
    OTMtNERCQi1BQjFFLUVDRUE3Qjg2NjQ3NVxTeXN0ZW1cTGlicmFyeVxDb3JlU2Vydmlj
    ZXNcYm9vdC5lZmk8L3N0cmluZz48L2RpY3Q+PC9hcnJheT4=
    </data>
    <key>efi-backup-boot-device-data</key>
    <data>
    AgEMANBBAwoAAAAAAQEGAAAbAQEGAAAAAxYQAAEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQBKgACAAAABiwB
    AAAAAAAKgkYHAAAAAKgQid+3PplGtyG62W+5uRgCAgQDJAD3/HS+fAvzSZFHAfQELmhC
    QCL6omNN3U2psFJQwBnFRQQEmgBcADUAQwA3AEIANwA3ADkAQwAtAEEARQA5ADMALQA0
    AEQAQgBCAC0AQQBCADEARQAtAEUAQwBFAEEANwBCADgANgA2ADQANwA1AFwAUwB5AHMA
    dABlAG0AXABMAGkAYgByAGEAcgB5AFwAQwBvAHIAZQBTAGUAcgB2AGkAYwBlAHMAXABi
    AG8AbwB0AC4AZQBmAGkAAAB//wQA
    </data>
    <key>efi-boot-device</key>
    <data>
    PGFycmF5PjxkaWN0PjxrZXk+SU9NYXRjaDwva2V5PjxkaWN0PjxrZXk+SU9Qcm92aWRl
    ckNsYXNzPC9rZXk+PHN0cmluZz5JT01lZGlhPC9zdHJpbmc+PGtleT5JT1Byb3BlcnR5
    TWF0Y2g8L2tleT48ZGljdD48a2V5PlVVSUQ8L2tleT48c3RyaW5nPkEyRkEyMjQwLTRE
    NjMtNERERC1BOUIwLTUyNTBDMDE5QzU0NTwvc3RyaW5nPjwvZGljdD48L2RpY3Q+PGtl
    eT5CTExhc3RCU0ROYW1lPC9rZXk+PHN0cmluZz5kaXNrMXMyPC9zdHJpbmc+PC9kaWN0
    PjxkaWN0PjxrZXk+SU9FRklEZXZpY2VQYXRoVHlwZTwva2V5PjxzdHJpbmc+TWVkaWFG
    aWxlUGF0aDwvc3RyaW5nPjxrZXk+UGF0aDwva2V5PjxzdHJpbmc+XDVDN0I3NzlDLUFF
    OTMtNERCQi1BQjFFLUVDRUE3Qjg2NjQ3NVxTeXN0ZW1cTGlicmFyeVxDb3JlU2Vydmlj
    ZXNcYm9vdC5lZmk8L3N0cmluZz48L2RpY3Q+PC9hcnJheT4A
    </data>
    <key>efi-boot-device-data</key>
    <data>
    AgEMANBBAwoAAAAAAQEGAAAbAQEGAAAAAxYQAAEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQBKgACAAAABiwB
    AAAAAAAKgkYHAAAAAKgQid+3PplGtyG62W+5uRgCAgQDJAD3/HS+fAvzSZFHAfQELmhC
    QCL6omNN3U2psFJQwBnFRQQEmgBcADUAQwA3AEIANwA3ADkAQwAtAEEARQA5ADMALQA0
    AEQAQgBCAC0AQQBCADEARQAtAEUAQwBFAEEANwBCADgANgA2ADQANwA1AFwAUwB5AHMA
    dABlAG0AXABMAGkAYgByAGEAcgB5AFwAQwBvAHIAZQBTAGUAcgB2AGkAYwBlAHMAXABi
    AG8AbwB0AC4AZQBmAGkAAAB//wQA
    </data>
    <key>fmm-computer-name</key>
    <data>
    Q0gtaU1BQw==
    </data>
    <key>fmm-mobileme-token-FMM</key>
    <data>
    YnBsaXN0MDDeAQIDBAUGBwgJCgsMDQ4PEBcYDxkaDxscHR4fIV8QD3VucmVnaXN0ZXJT
    dGF0ZVh1c2VySW5mb1lhdXRoVG9rZW5ecm9vdFZvbHVtZVVVSUReZGlzYWJsZUNvbnRl
    eHRWdXNlcmlkXxAQbGFzdElkZW50aXR5VGltZV1lbmFibGVDb250ZXh0WHVzZXJuYW1l
    WHBlcnNvbklEV2FkZFRpbWVUZ3VpZF8QEmVuYWJsZWREYXRhY2xhc3Nlc18QE2RhdGFj
    bGFzc1Byb3BlcnRpZXMQANMREhMUFRZfEBVJblVzZU93bmVyRGlzcGxheU5hbWVfEBNJ
    blVzZU93bmVyRmlyc3ROYW1lXxASSW5Vc2VPd25lckxhc3ROYW1lXxAPaGVmZm5lckBr
    cGwub3JnWUtpdGNoZW5lcldMaWJyYXJ5XxDMSUFBQUFBQUFCTHdJQUFBQUFHRVJnczBS
    RG1kekxtbGpiRzkxWkM1aGRYUm92UUF1UDc2TmE3bzJnMHBKUE13c09OOEgwRmFSRGtX
    Mk5jTUJqcDU1MHNZblE3ZkNpVWRJdWtiNW9HandRUS1KeHFSNUZ5WU5DRDY4S21qc0xF
    ZndON0F6Vld2ZTk2SmF5aXFSb2tyYUltaEJLNHBXYnJoeWlnRnhjWWRCLVRyTENXU0M4
    SGl1SUQ5UVlEUWFybWxzbWdGY2hXZUktUX5+XxAkMjQzQjE0Q0UtQTUwNS00NDMxLTk1
    NjctODEyODE3OEQwMDk1EQH1I0HYRGC5Y0waXxAPaGVmZm5lckBrcGwub3JnWzE2NTg5
    ODkwMDIwI0HYRGC2n2nXXxAkNTU1Qjk0QkMtRjZBNC00MDE3LUFGRDAtMENGOEU5NThB
    QTlGoSBfECFjb20uYXBwbGUuRGF0YWNsYXNzLkRldmljZUxvY2F0b3LRICLVIyQlJico
    KSorLFZhcHNFbnZYaG9zdG5hbWVdaWRzSWRlbnRpZmllclZzY2hlbWVdYXV0aE1lY2hh
    bmlzbVpwcm9kdWN0aW9uXxATcDY5LWZtaXAuaWNsb3VkLmNvbV8QJDY5NUI1Q0Q3LTlC
    MzItNEY5NS1BMEUxLTBFMTZBMUZEQ0U2RFVodHRwc1V0b2tlbgAIACUANwBAAEoAWQBo
    AG8AggCQAJkAogCqAK8AxADaANwA4wD7AREBJgE4AUIBSgIZAkACQwJMAl4CagJzApoC
    nALAAsMCzgLVAt4C7ALzAwEDDAMiA0kDTwAAAAAAAAIBAAAAAAAAAC0AAAAAAAAAAAAA
    AAAAAANV
    </data>
    <key>fmm-mobileme-token-FMM-BridgeHasAccount</key>
    <data>
    QnJpZGdlSGFzQWNjb3VudFZhbHVl
    </data>
    <key>multiupdater-retry-limits</key>
    <data>
    AQAAAAAAAAA=
    </data>
    <key>multiupdater-state</key>
    <data>
    AQAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
    </data>
    <key>ota-controllerVersion</key>
    <data>
    U1VNYWNDb250cm9sbGVyLTEuMTEA
    </data>
    <key>ota-updateType</key>
    <data>
    aW5jcmVtZW50YWwA
    </data>
    <key>preferred-count</key>
    <integer>1</integer>
    <key>preferred-networks</key>
    <data>
    AAAAAAAAAAAEAAUACQAAAEtQTC1TdGFmZgAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
    AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAFAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
    AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
    AAAAIAAAAOmRoFdXj+MMxj7/oXFNYal6b3jEcK7FlloV2c3oHekk
    </data>
    <key>prev-lang-diags:kbd</key>
    <data>
    ZW4tQ0EA
    </data>
    <key>prev-lang:kbd</key>
    <data>
    ZW46Mjk=
    </data>
    <key>previous-system-uuid</key>
    <data>
    NUM3Qjc3OUMtQUU5My00REJCLUFCMUUtRUNFQTdCODY2NDc1
    </data>
</dict>
</plist>


    IORegistry contents:

      Source: /usr/sbin/ioreg -lxw550
      Size: 836 KB (836,469 bytes)
      Last Modified: 2022-11-03, 7:10 PM
      Recent Contents: +-o Root  <class IORegistryEntry, id 0x100000100, retain 21>
  | {
  |   "IOKitBuildVersion" = "Darwin Kernel Version 20.6.0: Mon Aug 30 06:12:21 PDT 2021; root:xnu-7195.141.6~3/RELEASE_X86_64"
  |   "OS Build Version" = "20G165"
  |   "IOBluetoothActive" = Yes
  |   "OSKernelCPUSubtype" = 0x3
  |   "OSKernelCPUType" = 0x1000007
  |   "OSPrelinkKextCount" = 0x12
  |   "IORegistryPlanes" = {"IOPower"="IOPower","IOService"="IOService","IO80211Plane"="IO80211Plane","IOUSB"="IOUSB","CoreCapture"="CoreCapture","IOACPIPlane"="IOACPIPlane","IODeviceTree"="IODeviceTree"}
  |   "IOConsoleLocked" = No
  |   "IOConsoleUsers" = ({"kCGSSessionOnConsoleKey"=Yes,"kCGSSessionAuditIDKey"=0x186aa,"kSCSecuritySessionID"=0x186aa,"kCGSessionLongUserNameKey"="User","kCGSSessionLoginwindowSafeLogin"=No,"kCGSSessionUserIDKey"=0x1f7,"kCGSessionLoginDoneKey"=Yes,"kCGSSessionIDKey"=0x101,"kCGSSessionGroupIDKey"=0x14,"kCGSSessionSystemSafeBoot"=No,"kCGSSessionUserNameKey"="user"})
  |   "IOKitDiagnostics" = {"Instance allocation"=0xa61bd0,"Container allocation"=0x82b507,"Pageable allocation"=0x38346000,"Classes"={"AtiEnableCrtcInterface_V1"=0x0,"NeighborCache"=0x0,"IO80211RangingManager"=0x1,"AMDRadeonX6000_AmdInterruptCallbackInterface"=0x2,"IGHwCsStatsTracker"=0x0,"AppleDisplay"=0x0,"IOSharedInterruptController"=0x3,"IOUSBHubDevice"=0x0,"IOUSBMassStorageCBIDriverNub"=0x0,"IOAppleLabelScheme"=0x0,"AppleUSB20HubExpressCardPort"=0x0,"AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelTask"=0x14,"IOWatchdogx86"=0x1,"CCLogPipe"=0x7,"IGInterruptBridge$
  | }
  | 
  +-o iMac20,1  <class IOPlatformExpertDevice, id 0x100000114, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (6994 ms), retain 59>
    | {
    |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0900000005000000>)
    |   "IOPolledInterface" = "SMCPolledInterface is not serializable"
    |   "IOPlatformUUID" = "D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B"
    |   "serial-number" = <504e35560000000000000000004330324632394c55504e3556000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    |   "platform-feature" = <2000000000000000>
    |   "IOPlatformSystemSleepPolicy" = <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$
    |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    |   "target-type" = <4d616300>
    |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    |   "name" = <2f00>
    |   "version" = <312e3000>
    |   "manufacturer" = <4170706c6520496e632e00>
    |   "compatible" = <694d616332302c3100>
    |   "product-name" = <694d616332302c3100>
    |   "IOPlatformSerialNumber" = "C02F29LUPN5V"
    |   "IOConsoleSecurityInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    |   "clock-frequency" = <0084d717>
    |   "model" = <694d616332302c3100>
    |   "board-id" = <4d61632d4346463744393130413734334341414600>
    |   "bridge-model" = <4a313835415000>
    |   "system-type" = <01>
    | }
    | 
    +-o AppleACPIPlatformExpert  <class AppleACPIPlatformExpert, id 0x100000115, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4289 ms), retain 52>
    | | {
    | |   "IOClass" = "AppleACPIPlatformExpert"
    | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPlatformExpertDevice"
    | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x2710
    | |   "IONameMatch" = "ACPI"
    | |   "IOPlatformMapperPresent" = Yes
    | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   "acpi-mmcfg-seg0" = 0xe0000000
    | |   "IOPlatformMaxBusDelay" = (0xffffffffffffffff,0x0)
    | |   "IOPolledInterface" = "AppleACPIEventPoller is not serializable"
    | |   "IONameMatched" = "ACPI"
    | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   "Platform Memory Ranges" = (0x0,0xffffffff)
    | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   "IOPlatformMaxInterruptDelay" = (0xffffffffffffffff,0x0)
    | |   "ACPI Statistics" = {"GpeLastDispatched"=0x6e,"MethodCount"=0x362,"SciCount"=0x6d,"GpeCount"=0x6d,"FixedEventCount"=0x0}
    | | }
    | | 
    | +-o IOPMrootDomain  <class IOPMrootDomain, id 0x100000119, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (30 ms), retain 101>
    | | | {
    | | |   "Wake Type" = "UserActivity Assertion"
    | | |   "IOPMSystemSleepPolicyHandler" = Yes
    | | |   "Supported Features" = {"ConsoleShutdown"=0x20b0007,"ProximityWake"=0x2020003,"MaintenanceWakeCalendarDate"=0x1fb0007,"PowerByCalendarDate"=0x1f80007,"GPUSwitch"=0x2080007,"WakeOnMagicPacket"=(0x1fd0005,0x1fe0005,0x1ff0005),"AdaptiveDimming"=0x2000007,"Hibernation"=0x1f50007,"Graphics_Power_Limits"=0x2090007,"SleepServiceWakeCalendarKey"=0x1fc0007,"DisplayDims"=0x2060007,"Graphics_Power_Performance"=0x20a0007,"UnifiedSleepSliderPref"=0x2030007,"DeepSleep"=0x2050007,"Automatic Restart On Power Loss"=0x2040005,"TimeZoneOffsetSeconds"$
    | | |   "PCITopLevel" = ("MCHC","PEG0","IGPU","XHC1","IMEI","RP17","RP01","RP02","RP05","URT0","URT1","LPCB","SBUS","XSPI")
    | | |   "IOHibernateState" = <00000000>
    | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"DevicePowerState"=0x4,"CurrentPowerState"=0x4,"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x4}
    | | |   "DriverPMAssertionsDetailed" = ({"Assertions"=0x20,"ModifiedTime"=0x636441cc000af008,"Owner"="NHI0","RegistryEntryID"=0x100000301,"CreatedTime"=0x0,"Level"=0x0,"ID"=0x1f4},{"Assertions"=0x1,"ModifiedTime"=0x63644147000eec25,"Owner"="IOThunderboltController","RegistryEntryID"=0x100000306,"CreatedTime"=0x0,"Level"=0x0,"ID"=0x1f5},{"Assertions"=0x4,"ModifiedTime"=0x0,"Owner"="com.apple.usb.externaldevice.14100000","RegistryEntryID"=0x1000003b3,"CreatedTime"=0x636441480002bc46,"Level"=0xff,"ID"=0x1f6},{"Assertions"=0x4,"ModifiedTime"=0$
    | | |   "Standby Enabled" = Yes
    | | |   "Standby Delay" = 0x15180
    | | |   "PMStatusCode" = 0x1f
    | | |   "IOAppPowerStateInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "System Capabilities" = 0xf
    | | |   "BootSessionUUID" = "4050089A-621F-4845-BBE7-4017999C2A7F"
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "RootDomainUserClient"
    | | |   "Hibernate File" = "/var/vm/sleepimage"
    | | |   "Hibernate Mode" = 0x3
    | | |   "DestroyFVKeyOnStandby" = No
    | | |   "SleepDisabled" = No
    | | |   "Power Status" = {"CPU_Power_Limits"={"CPU_Scheduler_Limit"=0x64,"CPU_Available_CPUs"=0xc,"CPU_Speed_Limit"=0x64}}
    | | |   "SystemPowerProfileOverrideDict" = {"Battery Power"={"Hibernate Mode"=0x3,"High Standby Delay"=0x15180,"DarkWakeBackgroundTasks"=No,"Standby Delay"=0x15180,"System Sleep Timer"=0x1,"Standby Enabled"=0x1,"Standby Battery Threshold"=0x32},"UPS Power"={"Hibernate Mode"=0x3,"High Standby Delay"=0x15180,"DarkWakeBackgroundTasks"=No,"Standby Delay"=0x15180,"System Sleep Timer"=0x1,"Standby Enabled"=0x1,"Standby Battery Threshold"=0x32},"AC Power"={"Hibernate Mode"=0x3,"High Standby Delay"=0x15180,"DarkWakeBackgroundTasks"=Yes,"Standby De$
    | | |   "DriverPMAssertions" = 0x104
    | | |   "DarkWakeServices" = {"SleepServicesModes"={"ModeA"={"Expiration"=0x0,"BatteryFloor"=0x0,"BaseIntervals"={"Battery"={"BaseSleepInterval"=0xe10,"BaseWakeCapInterval"=0xb4},"AC"={"BaseSleepInterval"=0xe10,"BaseWakeCapInterval"=0x15180}}}},"DarkWakeBackgroundTasks"=0x1,"SleepServices"=0x7}
    | | |   "IOPlatformFeatureDefaults" = {"TCPKeepAliveDuringSleep"=Yes,"DNDWhileDisplaySleeps"=Yes,"TCPKeepAliveExpirationTimeout"=0xa8c0,"NotificationWake"=Yes}
    | | |   "Hibernate File Min" = 0x80000000
    | | |   "IOPMUserIsActive" = Yes
    | | |   "IOPriorityPowerStateInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "IOSleepSupported" = Yes
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IORootParent  <class IORootParent, id 0x10000011a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 7>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"WQ-CheckForWork"=0x1335b,"WQ-ScanEntries"=0x2db,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"WQ-QueueEmpty"=0x4b,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"WQ-NoWorkDone"=0x93,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000456, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 94, logd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000458, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 101, watchdogd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000465, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 123, securityd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000046a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 118, opendirectoryd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000046d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 130, displaypolicyd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000046f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 124, auditd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000487, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 122, usbmuxd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000048a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 86, powerd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000048b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 86, powerd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000048c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 86, powerd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000048f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 86, powerd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000490, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 84, configd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000495, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 252, coreaudiod"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000498, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 119, apsd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000004a0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 248, symptomsd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000004b2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 126, locationd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000004b5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 267, awdd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000004de, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 87, com.faronics.dee"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000004ea, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 236, airportd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000004eb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 280, softwareupdated"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000004f4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 90, TeamViewer_Servi"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000575, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 252, coreaudiod"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000005cb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 334, thermald"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000005d2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 301, biometrickitd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000005dd, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000005de, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000005e1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 142, bluetoothd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000647, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000064e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 145, corebrightnessd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000065b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 358, nfcd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000065e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000065f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000665, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 374, systemstats"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000687, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 390, SophosAntiVirus"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006b0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006b4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006b5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006b6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006b9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006bf, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 432, SystemUIServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006c0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 448, systemsoundserve"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006c2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 446, rapportd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006c6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 458, identityservices"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006c9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 459, assistantd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006d0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 457, CalendarAgent"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006d3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 433, Finder"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006df, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 437, CommCenter"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006e6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 437, CommCenter"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000006e7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 437, CommCenter"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000709, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 529, AirPlayUIAgent"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000070b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 507, callservicesd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000070e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 544, IMRemoteURLConne"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000713, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 531, imagent"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000717, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 547, IMRemoteURLConne"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000071e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 551, IMDPersistenceAg"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000072d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 527, sharingd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000072f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 527, sharingd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000731, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 527, sharingd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000733, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 558, IMRemoteURLConne"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000734, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 562, fmfd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000736, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 563, IMRemoteURLConne"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000073c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000073f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 451, ScreenTimeAgent"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000744, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 560, parentalcontrols"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000747, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000074d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 538, amsaccountsd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000074e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 535, diagnostics_agen"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000750, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 498, CalNCService"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000751, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 463, netbiosd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000755, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 530, cloudpaird"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000756, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 142, bluetoothd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000758, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 462, itunescloudd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000759, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 534, Creative Cloud"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000076a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 627, com.apple.hiserv"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000077d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 597, homed"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x100000793, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 630, Adobe Desktop Se"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x10000079b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 668, Core Sync"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000007a1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 680, diagnosticextens"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000007b3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o RootDomainUserClient  <class RootDomainUserClient, id 0x1000007b4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o IOPCIMessagedInterruptController  <class IOPCIMessagedInterruptController, id 0x10000012b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "Vector Count" = 0x190
    | |     "MSIFree" = 0x125
    | |     "Base Vector Number" = 0x70
    | |     "InterruptControllerName" = "IOPCIMessagedInterruptController"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleVTD  <class AppleVTD, id 0x10000012c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 1072>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOPlatformQuiesceAction" = 0x7ffffc17
    | |     "stats" = <000000013404000029af00000072010000010000000000005a3801000800000008000000d00c000010070000a8100b00825400009a7b000059510000402f0000201a0000070d00000f0d00001e14000079000000be00000006010000d50000000c00000005000000030000000100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |     "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |     "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0000000000000100>,<0100000000000100>)
    | |     "IOPlatformActiveAction" = 0x7ffffc17
    | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IOReportCh$
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o cpus  <class IOPlatformDevice, id 0x100000131, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 26>
    | |   {
    | |     "name" = <6370757300>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR00@0  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000132, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (605 ms), retain 9>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x0
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x0
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x1
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "plugin-type" = 0x1
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303000>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x0
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x100000147, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (565 ms), retain 8>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |   "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |   |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00000000>,<01000000>)
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   "IOCPUID" = 0x100000147
    | |   |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |   |   "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   |   "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   |   "IOCPUNumber" = 0x0
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o AppleACPICPUInterruptController  <class AppleACPICPUInterruptController, id 0x10000015b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "IOPlatformInterruptController" = Yes
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o X86PlatformPlugin  <class X86PlatformPlugin, id 0x100000524, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (450 ms), retain 13>
    | |     | {
    | |     |   "IOClass" = "X86PlatformPlugin"
    | |     |   "supportRestartOnPowerFail" = Yes
    | |     |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.X86PlatformPlugin"
    | |     |   "IOResourceMatch" = "ACPI"
    | |     |   "IOPlatformPowerProfile" = {"ThermalConfiguration"={"Domain"={"CPU"={"SFIWindow"=0xc350,"SFIAppNap"={"EffortCurve"="40=0%,80=50%"},"QOSThermalThresholds"={"Utility"=0xfa,"NonFocal"=0xfa},"SFIMaintenance"={"EffortCurve"="40=0%,80=50%"},"SFIDarwinBG"={"EffortCurve"="40=0%,80=50%"},"ThermalPressure"={"Heavy"={"HighThreshold"=0xc8,"LowThreshold"=0x5a},"Sleeping"={"HighThreshold"=0xfc,"LowThreshold"=0xfb},"Nominal"={"HighThreshold"=0x58,"LowThreshold"=0x0},"Trapping"={"HighThreshold"=0xfa,"LowThreshold"=0xb4},"Moderate"={"HighThresh$
    | |     |   "IOProviderClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |     |   "IOParentMatch" = {"IOPropertyMatch"={"plugin-type"=0x1},"IOProviderClass"="IOACPIPlatformDevice"}
    | |     |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x7d0
    | |     |   "ThermalLevelsSupported" = Yes
    | |     |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"IOCPUNumber"=0x0}
    | |     |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.X86PlatformPlugin"
    | |     |   "CPUOnACPower" = Yes
    | |     |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |     |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.X86PlatformPlugin"
    | |     |   "ThermalConfiguration" = {"Domain"={"CPU"={"SFIWindow"=0xc350,"SFIAppNap"={"EffortCurve"="40=0%,80=50%"},"QOSThermalThresholds"={"Utility"=0xfa,"NonFocal"=0xfa},"SFIMaintenance"={"EffortCurve"="40=0%,80=50%"},"SFIDarwinBG"={"EffortCurve"="40=0%,80=50%"},"ThermalPressure"={"Heavy"={"HighThreshold"=0xc8,"LowThreshold"=0x5a},"Sleeping"={"HighThreshold"=0xfc,"LowThreshold"=0xfb},"Nominal"={"HighThreshold"=0x58,"LowThreshold"=0x0},"Trapping"={"HighThreshold"=0xfa,"LowThreshold"=0xb4},"Moderate"={"HighThreshold"=0x78,"LowThreshold"=0$
    | |     |   "BootDriveIsInternalSolidState" = Yes
    | |     |   "IOPPFDiagDict" = {"IdlePLimitDict"={"currentLimit"=0x0,"handlerRegistered"=Yes,"pMin"=0x64,"pMax"=0x0},"ResourceName"="Mac-CFF7D910A743CAAF.plist","CPUPLimitDict"={"currentLimit"=0x0,"handlerRegistered"=Yes,"pMin"=0x28,"pMax"=0x0},"PLimitVersion"=0x3,"EGPUPLimitDict"={"currentLimit"=0x0,"handlerRegistered"=Yes,"pMin"=0xf,"pMax"=0x0}}
    | |     |   "ForcedIdleTable" = {"0x55"=0x1c9c380,"0x41"=0x1b3f578,"0x3c"=0x17d7840,"0x64"=0x1c9c380,"0x5f"=0x1c9c380,"0x50"=0x1c9c380,"0x4b"=0x1c9c380,"0x28"=0xfe4d90,"0x5a"=0x1c9c380,"0x37"=0x15314b0,"0x23"=0xeabdc0,"0x1e"=0xdb7b80,"0x46"=0x1c9c380,"0x32"=0x1312d00,"0x2d"=0x1156b88}
    | |     |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |     |   "CPUPStates" = ({"Frequency"=0x12c0,"PState"=0x0},{"Frequency"=0x125c,"PState"=0x1},{"Frequency"=0x11f8,"PState"=0x2},{"Frequency"=0x1194,"PState"=0x3},{"Frequency"=0x1130,"PState"=0x4},{"Frequency"=0x10cc,"PState"=0x5},{"Frequency"=0x1068,"PState"=0x6},{"Frequency"=0x1004,"PState"=0x7},{"Frequency"=0xfa0,"PState"=0x8},{"Frequency"=0xf3c,"PState"=0x9},{"Frequency"=0xed8,"PState"=0xa},{"Frequency"=0xe74,"PState"=0xb},{"Frequency"=0xe10,"PState"=0xc},{"Frequency"=0xdac,"PState"=0xd},{"Frequency"=0xd48,"PState"=0xe},{"Frequency"=0$
    | |     | }
    | |     | 
    | |     +-o IOPlatformEnabler  <class IOPlatformPluginDevice, id 0x1000005bd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4 ms), retain 7>
    | |     | | {
    | |     | |   "name" = <494f506c6174666f726d456e61626c657200>
    | |     | | }
    | |     | | 
    | |     | +-o ApplePlatformEnabler  <class ApplePlatformEnabler, id 0x1000005c2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |     |     {
    | |     |       "IOClass" = "ApplePlatformEnabler"
    | |     |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.ApplePlatformEnabler"
    | |     |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOPlatformPluginDevice"
    | |     |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"CFB68B9A-40AF-437A-AFFE-FE671C6193C5"="ApplePlatformEnabler.kext/Contents/PlugIns/ApplePlatformEnablerLib.plugin"}
    | |     |       "IOUserClientClass" = "ApplePlatformEnablerUserClient"
    | |     |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x4e20
    | |     |       "IONameMatch" = "IOPlatformEnabler"
    | |     |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |     |       "DVDSupported" = Yes
    | |     |       "ODSSupported" = Yes
    | |     |       "IONameMatched" = "IOPlatformEnabler"
    | |     |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.ApplePlatformEnabler"
    | |     |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.ApplePlatformEnabler"
    | |     |     }
    | |     |     
    | |     +-o AGPMEnabler  <class IOPlatformPluginDevice, id 0x1000005be, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (5 ms), retain 7>
    | |     | | {
    | |     | |   "name" = <4147504d456e61626c657200>
    | |     | | }
    | |     | | 
    | |     | +-o AGPMController  <class AGPMController, id 0x1000005c3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |     |     {
    | |     |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AGPM"
    | |     |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOPlatformPluginDevice"
    | |     |       "IOClass" = "AGPMController"
    | |     |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AGPM"
    | |     |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AGPM"
    | |     |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |     |       "IONameMatch" = "AGPMEnabler"
    | |     |       "Machine" = {"iMac20,1"={"IGPU"={"Heuristic"={"ID"=0x2,"EnableOverride"=0x0},"control-id"=0x10},"GFX0"={"max-power-state"=0xf,"control-id"=0x11,"AGDCEnabled"=0x1,"min-power-state"=0x0,"Heuristic"={"ID"=0xffffffffffffffff}}}}
    | |     |       "IONameMatched" = "AGPMEnabler"
    | |     |     }
    | |     |     
    | |     +-o X86PlatformShim  <class X86PlatformShim, id 0x1000005c1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |         {
    | |           "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |           "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.X86PlatformShim"
    | |           "IOProviderClass" = "X86PlatformPlugin"
    | |           "IOClass" = "X86PlatformShim"
    | |           "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.X86PlatformShim"
    | |           "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.X86PlatformShim"
    | |           "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |           "IONameMatch" = "X86PlatformPlugin"
    | |           "IONameMatched" = "X86PlatformPlugin"
    | |         }
    | |         
    | +-o PR01@2  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000133, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (41 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x2
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x2
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x2
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303100>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x1
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x100000148, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00020000>,<01020000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x100000148
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x1
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR02@4  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000134, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (41 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x4
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x4
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x3
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303200>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x2
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x100000149, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00040000>,<01040000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x100000149
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x2
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR03@6  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000135, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (42 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x6
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x6
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x4
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303300>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x3
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x10000014a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00060000>,<01060000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x10000014a
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x3
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR04@8  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000136, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (43 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x8
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x8
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x5
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303400>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x4
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x10000014b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00080000>,<01080000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x10000014b
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x4
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR05@A  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000137, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (43 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0xa
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0xa
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x6
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303500>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x5
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x10000014c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<000a0000>,<010a0000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x10000014c
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x5
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR06@1  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000138, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (44 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x1
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x1
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x7
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303600>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x6
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x10000014d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00010000>,<01010000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x10000014d
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x6
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR07@3  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000139, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (45 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x3
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x3
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x8
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303700>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x7
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x10000014e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00030000>,<01030000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x10000014e
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x7
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR08@5  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x10000013a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (45 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x5
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x5
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0x9
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303800>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x8
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x10000014f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00050000>,<01050000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x10000014f
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x8
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR09@7  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x10000013b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (46 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x7
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x7
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0xa
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052303900>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0x9
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x100000150, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00070000>,<01070000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x100000150
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0x9
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR10@9  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x10000013c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0x9
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0x9
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0xb
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052313000>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0xa
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x100000151, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00090000>,<01090000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x100000151
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0xa
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR11@B  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x10000013d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "processor-lapic" = 0xb
    | | |   "clock-frequency" = <0001b2c4>
    | | |   "processor-number" = 0xb
    | | |   "timebase-frequency" = <00ca9a3b>
    | | |   "processor-id" = 0xc
    | | |   "bus-frequency" = <0084d717>
    | | |   "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | | |   "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | | |   "name" = <5052313100>
    | | |   "processor-index" = 0xb
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPICPU  <class AppleACPICPU, id 0x100000152, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPICPU"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "processor"
    | |       "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<000b0000>,<010b0000>)
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IOCPUID" = 0x100000152
    | |       "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController","IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "processor"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUState" = "Running"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |       "IOCPUNumber" = 0xb
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PR12  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x10000013e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0xc
    | |     "processor-id" = 0xd
    | |     "name" = <5052313200>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR13  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x10000013f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0xd
    | |     "processor-id" = 0xe
    | |     "name" = <5052313300>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR14  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000140, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0xe
    | |     "processor-id" = 0xf
    | |     "name" = <5052313400>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR15  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000141, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0xf
    | |     "processor-id" = 0x10
    | |     "name" = <5052313500>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR16  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000142, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0x10
    | |     "processor-id" = 0x11
    | |     "name" = <5052313600>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR17  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000143, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0x11
    | |     "processor-id" = 0x12
    | |     "name" = <5052313700>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR18  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000144, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0x12
    | |     "processor-id" = 0x13
    | |     "name" = <5052313800>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PR19  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000145, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (47 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "processor-index" = 0x13
    | |     "processor-id" = 0x14
    | |     "name" = <5052313900>
    | |     "cpu-type" = <0a06>
    | |     "device_type" = <70726f636573736f7200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o io-apic@fec00000  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000146, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | | | {
    | | |   "Physical Address" = 0xfffffffffec00000
    | | |   "Vector Limit" = 0x70
    | | |   "InterruptControllerName" = "io-apic-0"
    | | |   "Destination APIC ID" = 0x0
    | | |   "Base Vector Number" = 0x40
    | | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPlatformInterruptController")
    | | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<00000000>)
    | | |   "APIC ID" = 0x2
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleAPICInterruptController  <class AppleAPICInterruptController, id 0x10000015c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleAPIC"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleAPICInterruptController"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleAPIC"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleAPIC"
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "io-apic"
    | |       "Vector Count" = 0x18
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "io-apic"
    | |       "Base Vector Number" = 0x40
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o AppleACPIEventController  <class AppleACPIEventController, id 0x10000015d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   {
    | |     "InterruptControllerName" = "ACPIEventController"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o boot-ec  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x10000015e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3 ms), retain 7>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("ACPIEventController")
    | | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<7300000000000000>)
    | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IOReportCh$
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPIEC  <class AppleACPIEC, id 0x10000015f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIEC"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPIEC"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIEC"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIEC"
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IONameMatch" = ("PNP0C09","boot-ec")
    | |       "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "boot-ec"
    | |       "Statistics" = {"OBFSciTimeout"=0x0,"SpuriousQuery"=0x0,"CommandCount"=0x31,"MaxLatency"=0xd296f,"SCIActive"=Yes,"CommandRetry"=0x0,"SpuriousSCI"=0x11,"IBFSciTimeout"=0x0,"OBFPollTimeout"=0x0,"IBFPollTimeout"=0x0,"MissingSCI"=0x0}
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o bios  <class IOPlatformDevice, id 0x100000160, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOName" = "bios"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleSMBIOS  <class AppleSMBIOS, id 0x100000161, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBIOS"
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleSMBIOS"
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleSMBIOS"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBIOS"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOPlatformDevice"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBIOS"
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "bios"
    | |       "SMBIOS" = <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$
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "bios"
    | |       "SMBIOS-EPS" = <5f534d5f2e1f030150010000000000005f444d495f1da70a00e0ec78250031>
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o PCI0@0  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x100000165, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4220 ms), retain 58>
    | | | {
    | | |   "compatible" = <504e503041303300>
    | | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | | |   "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | | |   "acpi-address-spaces" = <0200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ff00000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000f70c0000000000000000000000000000f80c000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000d000000000000ffff000000000000000000000000000000f300000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0xcf8,"length"=0x8}))
    | | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | | |   "acpi-pci-routing-table" = <1800000000000000ffff1f000000000010000000000000001800000001000000ffff1f000000000011000000000000001800000002000000ffff1f000000000012000000000000001800000003000000ffff1f000000000013000000000000001800000000000000ffff1e000000000014000000000000001800000001000000ffff1e000000000015000000000000001800000002000000ffff1e000000000016000000000000001800000003000000ffff1e000000000017000000000000001800000000000000ffff1d000000000010000000000000001800000001000000ffff1d000000000011000000000000001800000002000000ffff1d0000000$
    | | |   "_ADR" = 0x0
    | | |   "_UID" = "0"
    | | |   "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0"}
    | | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0"
    | | |   "name" = <504e503041303800>
    | | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPIPCI  <class AppleACPIPCI, id 0x10000027e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4210 ms), retain 41>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1388
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleACPIPCI"
    | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIPlatform"
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   "IONameMatch" = "PNP0A03"
    | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   "IONameMatched" = "PNP0A03"
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o MCHC@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x1000001fe, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "name" = <706369383038362c3962353300>
    | |   |     "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c3962353300706369636c6173732c303630303030004d43484300>
    | |   |     "IOName" = "pci8086,9b53"
    | |   |     "reg" = <0000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |     "device-id" = <539b0000>
    | |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |     "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     "revision-id" = <03000000>
    | |   |     "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "pcidebug" = "0:0:0"
    | |   |     "class-code" = <00000600>
    | |   |     "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/MCHC@0"
    | |   |     "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   |     "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o PEG0@1  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x1000001ff, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (618 ms), retain 11>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x40
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <40000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <01190000>
    | |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <70636934302c3000706369383038362c3139303100706369636c6173732c303630343030005045473000>
    | |   | |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000060810000008200000000000060810000000000002000000000c24000000000000000000000c2400000000000000000000000000020100000008100000000003000000000008100000000003000000000000000100000>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x261ac83
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/PEG0@10000"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <03000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0xd083
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x142
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:1:0(1:3)"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   | |   "reg" = <0008000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0xc2580
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x100000293, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (614 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o EGP0@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000200, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (614 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "assigned-addresses" = <1000018200000000000070810000000000400000>
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   |     |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   |     |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   |     |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x81700000,"length"=0x4000}))
    | |   |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <40000000>
    | |   |     |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |     |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   |     |   "vendor-id" = <02100000>
    | |   |     |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   |     |   "device-id" = <78140000>
    | |   |     |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |     |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x50
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <70636934302c3000706369313030322c3134373800706369636c6173732c303630343030004547503000>
    | |   |     |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000060810000008200000000000060810000000000001000000000c24000000000000000000000c2400000000000000000000000000020100000008100000000003000000000008100000000003000000000000000100000>
    | |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x473883
    | |   |     |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/PEG0@10000/EGP0@0"
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "revision-id" = <47000000>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1083
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x52
    | |   |     |   "pcidebug" = "1:0:0(2:3)"
    | |   |     |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |     |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   |     |   "reg" = <00000100000000000000000000000000000000001000010200000000000000000000000000400000>
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x10000029a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (612 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       | {
    | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       | }
    | |   |       | 
    | |   |       +-o EGP1@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000201, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (612 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |         | {
    | |   |         |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   |         |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   |         |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   |         |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |         |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <40000000>
    | |   |         |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |         |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |         |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   |         |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   |         |   "vendor-id" = <02100000>
    | |   |         |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   |         |   "device-id" = <79140000>
    | |   |         |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |         |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x50
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "compatible" = <70636934302c3000706369313030322c3134373900706369636c6173732c303630343030004547503100>
    | |   |         |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000060810000008200000000000060810000000000001000000000c24000000000000000000000c2400000000000000000000000000020100000008100000000003000000000008100000000003000000000000000100000>
    | |   |         |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x700d03
    | |   |         |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/PEG0@10000/EGP0@0/EGP1@0"
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |         |   "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x7103
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x62
    | |   |         |   "pcidebug" = "2:0:0(3:3)"
    | |   |         |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |         |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   |         |   "reg" = <0000020000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |         | }
    | |   |         | 
    | |   |         +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002a0, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (611 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |           | {
    | |   |           |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |           |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |           |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |           |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |           |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |           |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |           |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |           |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |           |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |           |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |           | }
    | |   |           | 
    | |   |           +-o GFX0@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000202, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (611 ms), retain 21>
    | |   |           | | {
    | |   |           | |   "StartupDisplay" = <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$
    | |   |           | |   "IOHibernateState" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | |   "DC_VERSION" = "3.2.118"
    | |   |           | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   |           | |   "PP_WorkLoadPolicyMask" = 0x20
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableBIFRingBufferInit" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "SMU_DisallowedFeatures" = 0x2bd54365044
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_LINK_BUILT_IN_MAP" = 0x3
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_PTPL2_MAX" = 0x82
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,SCRATCH01_FE000000" = <4100540059002c005300430052004100540043004800300031005f0046004500300030003000300030003000>
    | |   |           | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<0600000000000100>)
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,DeviceID" = <4073>
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrMSIStalledTimeoutNominal" = 0x32
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIDriverType" = <02>
    | |   |           | |   "PP_DiDtSQStallPatternOverride" = 0x3fff
    | |   |           | |   "DalDisableLTTPR" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c32313900706369313030322c3733343000706369636c6173732c303330303030004746583000>
    | |   |           | |   "PP_ToolsLogSpaceSize" = 0x80000
    | |   |           | |   "SWIP_Firmware_Info" = {"Bootloader Version"=0x160116,"CE Version"=0x25,"SDMA Version"=0x29,"Secure OS Version"=0x160034,"SystemDriver Version"=0x160034,"VCN Version"=0x510e007,"ME Version"=0x5a,"RLC Version"=0x4c,"MEC Version"=0x83,"SMU Version"=0x4351000,"PFP Version"=0x8a}
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,VendorID" = <0210>
    | |   |           | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1103
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,AsicRevID" = <47000000>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIVersionFW" = <000001000037018400160116001601160000000000000000>
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_UFL_CHK" = No
    | |   |           | |   "IOPMIsPowerManaged" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x50
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableIHRing1" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "LoadController" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "VRAM,totalMB" = 0xff0
    | |   |           | |   "PP_PhmSoftWTTable" = <0000ffff0000ffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffff000062000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffff6300f401010000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |           | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,PlatformInfo" = <>
    | |   |           | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,MemRevisionID" = <0000>
    | |   |           | |   "DalSrEnterPlusExitTimeNs" = 0x364c
    | |   |           | |   "PP_GfxOffControl" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "AAPL,aux-power-connected" = <01000000>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,Copyright" = <436f7079726967687420414d4420496e632e20416c6c205269676874732052657365727665642e20323030352d32303139>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,AsicSubSystemID" = <1902>
    | |   |           | |   "ComplexDisplaySetup" = <00000100010000000200000004000000181500000000010001000000000002000000040000000000000101000000000000000000010000000300000050cfcd1c00000000000a0000400b0000a00000000000000000000000520000000000000000000000300000002000000001030000000a000000000000000000010000000300000050cfcd1c00000000000a0000400b0000a00000000000000000000000520000000000000000000000300000002000000001030000000a0000000000000000000100000003000000108fec370000000000140000400b0000a00000000000000000000000520000000000000000000000300000002000$
    | |   |           | |   "pcidebug" = "3:0:0"
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableRPTRDoorbell" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "subsystem-id" = <19020000>
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisablePassiveLevelCallbacks" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "SWIP_Errors" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "PP_Falcon_QuickTransition_Enable" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "SWIP_Error_msgs" = {}
    | |   |           | |   "PP_EnableUploadFirmware" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "IOName" = "display"
    | |   |           | |   "iofb_no_regptr" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "revision-id" = <47000000>
    | |   |           | |   "EnableVCNFWLog" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "DalExtraDelayBacklightOff" = 0x19
    | |   |           | |   "LoadHWServices" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "GraphicsBacklightSetup-0" = <0000010001000100ffbf0000ffff000001aaaaaaffff000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |           | |   "attached-gpu-control-path" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/PEG0@1/IOPP/EGP0@0/IOPP/EGP1@0/IOPP/GFX0@0/AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonControllerNavi14/ATY,Keelback@0/AGPM"
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIVersion" = <30312e30312e323331>
    | |   |           | |   "DalDisableDisplayID2" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgr_DisableRetryFilterDoorbell" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgr_IhMemPgControl" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_PTPL2_MIN" = 0x32
    | |   |           | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "graphic-options" = <0c000000>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFILinebytes" = <00500000>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFI-dpcd-training-result" = <148400000000001001>
    | |   |           | |   "pci-bus-number" = 0x3
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,MemVendorID" = <0f00>
    | |   |           | |   "PP_PhmUseDummyBackEnd" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |           | |   "pci-device-number" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "DalSkipDetectionLT" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrEnablePhysMemUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIVersionROMB" = <3131332d443332324131584c2d303132>
    | |   |           | |   "model" = <414d4420526164656f6e2050726f2035333030>
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableEventSignalling" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIVersionE" = <3131332d4433323230492d323331>
    | |   |           | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableMSIRetrigger" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "PP_DisableDIDT" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFI-dpcd-post-training" = <777781000000>
    | |   |           | |   "assigned-addresses" = <100003c240000000000000000000000000000010180003c240000000000000100000000000002000200003810000000000300000000000000001000024000382000000000000608100000000000008003000038200000000000068810000000000000200>
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_TRANS_WSRV" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableIHClockGating" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_PTPL2_CNT" = 0x10
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,memsize" = 0xff000000
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFICompileDate" = <4d61792032382032303230>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,vram_base" = <0000000080000000>
    | |   |           | |   "PP_DisableClockStretcher" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "SWIP_Ttl_Events_Status" = {"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__VCN"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__SDMA"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__GC"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__BGM"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__UVD"=0x0,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__VCE"=0x0,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__MES"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__TTL"=0x0,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__JPEG"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__DMCU"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__DF"=0x0,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__SMU"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__ISP"=0x0,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__GVM"=0x3c,"SW_IP_CLIENT_ID__PSP"=0x3c}
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,MaxStreams" = 0x5
    | |   |           | |   "name" = "ATY_GPU"
    | |   |           | |   "device_type" = "gpu-controller"
    | |   |           | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/PEG0@10000/EGP0@0/EGP1@0/GFX0@0"
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,FamilyName" = <526164656f6e2050726f>
    | |   |           | |   "SMU_ActivityMonitorTable" = <000400040200e803000001000000000000000000d001010030fefeff00000000000400000200e803000001000000000000000000d001010038e6ffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001009050001643c000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,PageFlipEnable" = <01000000>
    | |   |           | |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIFBOffset" = <0000600000000000>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,RefCLK" = <a0860100>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIFBSize" = <0000840300000000>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,PSP_FW_STATUS_89C29ABA" = <4100540059002c005000530050005f00460057005f005300540041005400550053005f003800390043003200>
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableIHRing2" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFI-dpcd-DPPreferBitRate" = <f0d20000>
    | |   |           | |   "LoadAccelerator" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIOrientation" = <0001>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,Card#" = <3130322d4433323230312d3030>
    | |   |           | |   "vendor-id" = <02100000>
    | |   |           | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_UFL_STP" = No
    | |   |           | |   "reg" = <000003000000000000000000000000000000000010000342000000000000000000000000000000101800034200000000000000000000000000002000200003010000000000000000000000000001000024000302000000000000000000000000000008003000030200000000000000000000000000000200>
    | |   |           | |   "DalSrExitTimeNs" = 0x2d50
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableRPTRDoorbellRing2" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgr_DisableRetryFilter" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_USE_DPT" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,Rom#" = <3131332d4433323230492d323331>
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,remap-size" = 0x40200000
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableDispatchLevelCallbacks" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgr_DisablePMCThresholdSelfTuning" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIVersionB" = <3131332d443332324131584c2d303132>
    | |   |           | |   "AsicOnLowPower" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_CORRECT_BLPT" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4000000000,"length"=0x10000000}),({"address"=0x4010000000,"length"=0x200000}),"IOSubMemoryDescriptor is not serializable",({"address"=0x81600000,"length"=0x80000}),({"address"=0x81680000,"length"=0x20000}))
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIEnabledMode" = <04>
    | |   |           | |   "GraphicsBacklightSetup-1" = <0000010001000100c00000000001000001aaaaaaffff000003000000000000800000000000000000>
    | |   |           | |   "device-id" = <40730000>
    | |   |           | |   "PP_DisableULV" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x12
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,SCRATCH13_001A89B8" = <4100540059002c005300430052004100540043004800310033005f0030003000310041003800390042003800>
    | |   |           | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |           | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |           | |   "IRQMgrDisableRPTRDoorbellRing1" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   "class-code" = <00000300>
    | |   |           | |   "EnableSwVCNFWLoading" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,DeviceName" = <35333030>
    | |   |           | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x400d03
    | |   |           | |   "pci-function-number" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   "CFG_NO_PP" = No
    | |   |           | |   "ATY,EFIBootMode" = <00000100020000000000010001000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000100010000000000010000000300000050cfcd1c00000000000a0000400b0000a00000000000000000000000520000000000000000000000300000002000000001030000000a000000000000000100020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a0000000000000100010000000000010000000300000050cfcd1c00000000000a0000400b0000a00000000000000000000000520000000000000000000000300000002000000001030000000a00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |           | |   "PP_CNEscapeInput" = <0c0000000000000002000000>
    | |   |           | | }
    | |   |           | | 
    | |   |           | +-o AMDSupport  <class AMDSupport, id 0x100000539, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | |   {
    | |   |           | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xfe1a
    | |   |           | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.kext.AMDSupport"
    | |   |           | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AMDSupport"
    | |   |           | |     "IOClass" = "AMDSupport"
    | |   |           | |     "IOPCIClassMatch" = "0x03000000&0xFF000000"
    | |   |           | |     "IOPCIMatch" = "0x00001002&0x0000FFFF"
    | |   |           | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.kext.AMDSupport"
    | |   |           | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |           | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.kext.AMDSupport"
    | |   |           | |     "iofb_version" = "1.1.50"
    | |   |           | |     "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   }
    | |   |           | |   
    | |   |           | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AmdGpuWrangler  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AmdGpuWrangler, id 0x10000053a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |           | | | {
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xea60
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOClass" = "AMDRadeonX6000_AmdGpuWrangler"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCIMatch" = "0x73101002 0x73121002 0x73181002 0x73191002 0x731A1002 0x731B1002 0x731F1002 0x73BF1002 0x73601002 0x73621002 0x73401002 0x73411002 0x73431002 0x73471002 0x734F1002 0x73A01002 0x73A21002 0x73A31002 0x73AB1002 0x73AE1002 0x73BF1002"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "NeedsPolicyDriver" = No
    | |   |           | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | }
    | |   |           | | | 
    | |   |           | | +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient, id 0x100000749, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           | |     {
    | |   |           | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | |   |           | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           | |     }
    | |   |           | |     
    | |   |           | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDRadeonHWServicesNavi  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDRadeonHWServicesNavi, id 0x100000569, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (227 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |           | | | {
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xfe1b
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000HWServices"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AMDRadeonX6000HWServices"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOClass" = "AMDRadeonX6000_AMDRadeonHWServicesNavi"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000HWServices"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCIMatch" = "0x73101002 0x73121002 0x73181002 0x73191002 0x731A1002 0x731B1002 0x731F1002 0x73401002 0x73411002 0x73431002 0x73471002 0x734F1002 0x73601002 0x73A21002 0x73AB1002 0x73BF1002 0x73A31002"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"LoadHWServices"=Yes}
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000HWServices"
    | |   |           | | |   "LoadPlugIn" = "Load6200"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | }
    | |   |           | | | 
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6200_AMDRadeonHWLibsX6200  <class AMDRadeonX6200_AMDRadeonHWLibsX6200, id 0x100000578, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           | |     {
    | |   |           | |       "IOPropertyMatch" = {"LoadPlugIn"="Load6200"}
    | |   |           | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6200HWLibs"
    | |   |           | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "AMDRadeonHWLibs"
    | |   |           | |       "IOClass" = "AMDRadeonX6200_AMDRadeonHWLibsX6200"
    | |   |           | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6200HWLibs"
    | |   |           | |       "IOProviderClass" = "AMDRadeonX6000_AMDRadeonHWServicesInterface"
    | |   |           | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6200HWLibs"
    | |   |           | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |       "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |           | |     }
    | |   |           | |     
    | |   |           | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonControllerNavi14  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonControllerNavi14, id 0x10000057d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (5 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |           | | | {
    | |   |           | | |   "IOClass" = "AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonControllerNavi14"
    | |   |           | | |   "SMC_VERSION" = "0x4351000"
    | |   |           | | |   "FB_Boot_PPCompleteInit" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "AAPL,gray-page" = <01000000>
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1770
    | |   |           | | |   "PPLIB_VERSION" = "2.783"
    | |   |           | | |   "ATY,Boa" = {"aty_config"={"CFG_PTPL2_MAX"=0x32,"CFG_PTPL2_MIN"=0xf,"CFG_PTPL2_CNT"=0x10,"CFG_LINK_FIXED_MAP"=0x1,"CFG_NO_PP"=No},"aty_properties"={"PP_GfxOffControl"=0x1,"SMU_ActivityMonitorTable"=<0000000002000000e8030100000000000000000020120a0030fefeff000000000000000303000000000000000000000000000000e07e460038e6ffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000301b0f000f183c000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"PP_DisableDIDT"=0x0,"PP_WorkLoadPolicyMask"=0$
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"LoadController"=Yes}
    | |   |           | | |   "ATY,Python" = {"aty_config"={"CFG_PTPL2_MIN"=0x34,"CFG_PTPL2_CNT"=0x10,"CFG_NO_PP"=No,"CFG_PTPL2_MAX"=0x82},"aty_properties"={"SMU_DisallowedFeatures"=0x40,"PP_GfxOffControl"=0x0,"SMU_ActivityMonitorTable"=<000400040200e803000001000000000000000000d001010030fefeff00000000000400000200e803000001000000000000000000d001010038e6ffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001009050001643c000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"DalEarlyTps1Pattern"=0x1,"PP_Disable$
    | |   |           | | |   "aty_config" = {"CFG_TRANS_WSRV"=Yes,"CFG_UFL_CHK"=No,"CFG_UFL_STP"=No,"CFG_CORRECT_BLPT"=Yes,"CFG_USE_DPT"=Yes}
    | |   |           | | |   "aty_properties" = {"DalDisableDisplayID2"=0x1,"DalDisableLTTPR"=0x1,"PP_DisableClockStretcher"=0x1,"PP_GfxOffControl"=0x0,"PP_ToolsLogSpaceSize"=0x80000,"PP_Falcon_QuickTransition_Enable"=0x1,"PP_DisableULV"=0x0,"PP_PhmUseDummyBackEnd"=0x0,"PP_EnableUploadFirmware"=0x0,"PP_WorkLoadPolicyMask"=0x10,"DalSkipDetectionLT"=0x1}
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "FB_Boot_ControllerStarted" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "ATIFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "ATY,Keelback" = {"aty_config"={"CFG_PTPL2_MIN"=0x32,"CFG_LINK_BUILT_IN_MAP"=0x3,"CFG_PTPL2_CNT"=0x10,"CFG_NO_PP"=No,"CFG_PTPL2_MAX"=0x82},"aty_properties"={"SMU_DisallowedFeatures"=0x2bd54365044,"PP_GfxOffControl"=0x0,"SMU_ActivityMonitorTable"=<000400040200e803000001000000000000000000d001010030fefeff00000000000400000200e803000001000000000000000000d001010038e6ffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001009050001643c000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000Framebuffer"
    | |   |           | | |   "FB_Boot_ControllerEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "FB_Boot_PPInitialized" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "AAPL,gray-value" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCIMatch" = "0x73401002 0x73411002 0x73431002 0x73471002 0x734F1002"
    | |   |           | | |   "FB_Boot_PPSupported" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | }
    | |   |           | | | 
    | |   |           | | +-o ATY,Keelback@0  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonFramebuffer, id 0x10000057f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4 ms), retain 22>
    | |   |           | | | | {
    | |   |           | | | |   "startup-timing" = <00000000000000c000100080000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000200000001000000108fec3700000000108fec3700000000108fec370000000000140000a00000003000000020000000400b000052000000030000000500000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000200000000000000010004000100010000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "built-in" = <>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBTransform" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaWidth" = 0xc
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBUIScale" = <02000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBBlueGammaScale" = 0x7ffad800
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaHeaderSize" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBTimingRange" = <000000000000000002000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000080380100000000000092109900000000000000000000000000000000040000000a000000f40100001027000020a1070000800000008000000000000000000000020101010201010101010101010100000200000000800000010000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000020000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000010000000080000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000050000000402f270050000000402f27000b000e00cb0127000000000000f812bcffffffff$
    | |   |           | | | |   "port-number" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-connect-flags" = 0x4
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBCursorInfo" = (<0100000000010000000100002000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>,<0100000000010000000100000200000000000000020000000000000000000000000000000100000002000000030000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>)
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |           | | | |   "AAPL,boot-display" = <01000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceInfo" = ({"IOI2CTransactionTypes"=0x1f,"IOI2CSupportedCommFlags"=0x2,"IOI2CInterfaceID"=0x0,"IOI2CBusType"=0x2})
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOPMStrictTreeOrder" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelTypes" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/PEG0@1/IOPP/EGP0@0/IOPP/EGP1@0/IOPP/GFX0@0/AMDRadeonX6000_AMDNavi14GraphicsAccelerator"
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"ACCF0000-0000-0000-0000-000a2789904e"="IOAccelerator2D.plugin"}
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBWaitCursorPeriod" = 0x1fca055
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBDependentID" = 0x10000057d
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBScalerInfo" = <00000000000000000000000000000000f600000000800000008000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBConfig" = {"IOFBModes"=({"ID"=0xffffffff80001000,"DM"=<00140000400b00002cfe3b00020000000700000058025401000000000000000000000000>,"TM"=<00100080000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000200000001000000108fec3700000000108fec3700000000108fec370000000000140000a00000003000000020000000400b000052000000030000000500000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000200000000000000010004000100010000000000000000000000000000000000>},{"ID"=0xffffffff80001001,"DM"=<000a0000a00500002cfe3b0$
    | |   |           | | | |   "av-signal-type" = <10000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IODisplayParameters" = "IOFramebufferParameterHandler is not serializable"
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-link-component-bits" = <0a000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "ATY,fb_size" = <0000840300000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceIDs" = (0x0)
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBMemorySize" = 0x10000000
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaCount" = 0x100
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBRedGammaScale" = 0xffffffff80000000
    | |   |           | | | |   "name" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | | | |   "connector-type" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBNeedsRefresh" = No
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBCurrentPixelCountReal" = 0xeea340
    | |   |           | | | |   "compatible" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelIndex" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBDependentIndex" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-bpc" = <0a000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-pixel-component-bits" = <0a000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "DPLanes" = <04000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-type" = "LCD"
    | |   |           | | | |   "audio-codec-info" = <00010500>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBWaitCursorFrames" = 0x1d
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBProbeOptions" = 0x401
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGreenGammaScale" = 0x7fffa000
    | |   |           | | | |   "boot-gamma-restored" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "DPLinkRate" = <f0d20000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "FramebufferStarted" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBCurrentPixelCount" = 0xeea340
    | |   |           | | | |   "ATY,fb_linebytes" = <00500000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFramebufferOpenGLIndex" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |           | | | |   "FramebufferEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "device_type" = <646973706c6179>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelRevision" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   "ATY,fb_offset" = <0000600000000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBDetailedTimings" = (<00100080000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000200000001000000108fec3700000000108fec3700000000108fec370000000000140000a00000003000000020000000400b000052000000030000000500000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000000000000000000000200000000000000010004000100010000000000000000000000000000000000>,<011000800000000000000000000000000000000000000000000a0000a00500000200000001000000108fec3700000000108fec3700000000108fec370000000000140000a00000003000000020000000400b0000$
    | |   |           | | | |   "DPLinkBit" = <1e000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBCurrentPixelClock" = 0x37ec8f10
    | |   |           | | | |   "ATY,EFIDisplay" = <445031>
    | |   |           | | | | }
    | |   |           | | | | 
    | |   |           | | | +-o AppleMCCSControlModule  <class AppleMCCSControlModule, id 0x10000058a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |           | | | | | {
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSControlModule"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleMCCSUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | | | }
    | |   |           | | | | | 
    | |   |           | | | | +-o AppleMCCSParameterHandler  <class AppleMCCSParameterHandler, id 0x100000592, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |     {
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODisplayParameters"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSParameterHandler"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |       "AppleMCCSFeatures" = 0x1
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | |     }
    | |   |           | | | |     
    | |   |           | | | +-o AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver  <class AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver, id 0x10000058e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o AGPM  <class AGPM, id 0x1000005c4, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0x506c696d69744944,0x180000001,"PlimitNS"),(0x53616d706c654944,0x180000001,"PlimitSampleTimeNS")),"IOReportGroupName"="AGPMStatistics","IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x0}})
    | |   |           | | | |     "max-value" = 0xf
    | |   |           | | | |     "min-value" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |           | | | |     "Heuristic-ID" = <ffffffff>
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o IOFramebufferI2CInterface  <class IOFramebufferI2CInterface, id 0x1000005ea, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CTransactionTypes" = 0x1f
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CSupportedCommFlags" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CInterfaceID" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CBusType" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o display0  <class IODisplayConnect, id 0x1000005eb, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |           | | | | | {
    | |   |           | | | | | }
    | |   |           | | | | | 
    | |   |           | | | | +-o AppleBacklightDisplay  <class AppleBacklightDisplay, id 0x1000005ec, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |           | | | |     {
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOClass" = "AppleBacklightDisplay"
    | |   |           | | | |       "DisplayParameterHandlerUsesCharPtr" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOGraphicsFamily"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayEDID" = <00ffffffffffff00061033ae64d66192161d0104b53c2278200c31ae5241b3260e505400000001010101010101010101010101010101000000100000000000000000000000000000000000100000000000000000000000000000000000fc00694d61630a202020202020202000000000000000000000000000000000000001457013790300030014806e0184ff139f002f801f003f0b5100020004007f8118fa1000010100127631fc78fbff02108862d3faf8f8feffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |           | | | |       "DisplaySerialNumber" = 0xffffffff9261d664
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayPrefsKey" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/PEG0@1/IOPP/EGP0@0/IOPP/EGP1@0/IOPP/GFX0@0-610-ae33-bb5e2ec5045ffe9"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IODisplayConnect"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayTechnologyType" = <ffff0203>
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayControllerID" = <01000000>
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayFirmwareLevel" = <01000000>
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0xc000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0xbb8
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayCapabilityString" = <6d6f64656c28694d61632043656c6c6f2920766370283130203844204236204338204339204446292076657228322e322900>
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOGraphicsFamily"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayPrefsKeyOld" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/PEG0@1/IOPP/EGP0@0/IOPP/EGP1@0/IOPP/GFX0@0/AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonControllerNavi14/ATY,Keelback@0/display0/AppleBacklightDisplay-610-ae33"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOGraphicsFamily"
    | |   |           | | | |       "DisplayProductID" = 0xae33
    | |   |           | | | |       "DisplayVendorID" = 0x610
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayParameters" = {"linear-brightness-probe"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0xffff,"value"=0x210},"audio-mute-and-screen-blank"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0x200,"value"=0x200},"commit"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0x0,"value"=0x0},"fade-time2"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0x2710,"value"=0xfa0},"ggsc"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0x10000,"value"=0x10000},"vblm"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0x30000,"value"=0x10000},"dsyp"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0x2,"value"=0x2},"rgsc"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0x10000,"value"=0x10000},"fade-style"={"min"=0x0,"max"=0xa,"value"=0x0},"fade-time1"={"min"=0x0,"$
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayMCCSVersion" = <00020200>
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayConnectFlags" = <00080000>
    | |   |           | | | |       "IODisplayAttributes" = {"IODisplayBacklightBOBValue"=0x210,"IODisplayBacklightLinearCorrectionStart"=0x2,"IODisplayBacklightCurveLength"=0x2749,"IODisplayBacklightMidNitValue"=0x8c,"IODisplayBacklightLinearCorrectionEnd"=0xd,"IODisplayBacklightNumberOfLowLinearCorrections"=0x3,"IODisplayBacklightMaxNitValue"=0x1f4,"IODisplayBacklightDimmingRatio"=0x1e,"IODisplayAttributes"=<676174760000000073676c6604000000726c6f63010000006364670080808000676c666400000000>,"IODisplayBacklightTypeAndVersion"=0x1,"IODisplayBack$
    | |   |           | | | |     }
    | |   |           | | | |     
    | |   |           | | | +-o IOFramebufferUserClient  <class IOFramebufferUserClient, id 0x1000005f3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o IOFramebufferSharedUserClient  <class IOFramebufferSharedUserClient, id 0x100000780, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           | | |     {
    | |   |           | | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   |           | | |       "IOUserClientSharedInstance" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |     }
    | |   |           | | |     
    | |   |           | | +-o ATY,Keelback@1  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonFramebuffer, id 0x100000581, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 18>
    | |   |           | | | | {
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-pixel-component-bits" = <0a000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-link-component-bits" = <0a000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBScalerInfo" = <00000000000000000000000000000000f600000000800000008000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOPMStrictTreeOrder" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "av-signal-type" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBDependentIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBUIScale" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "audio-codec-info" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaHeaderSize" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaCount" = 0x100
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFramebufferOpenGLIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |           | | | |   "FramebufferEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceInfo" = ({"IOI2CTransactionTypes"=0x1f,"IOI2CSupportedCommFlags"=0x2,"IOI2CInterfaceID"=0x0,"IOI2CBusType"=0x2})
    | |   |           | | | |   "connector-type" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "DPLanes" = <04000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IODisplayParameters" = "IOFramebufferParameterHandler is not serializable"
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelTypes" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/PEG0@1/IOPP/EGP0@0/IOPP/EGP1@0/IOPP/GFX0@0/AMDRadeonX6000_AMDNavi14GraphicsAccelerator"
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-type" = "NONE"
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |           | | | |   "name" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBDependentID" = 0x10000057d
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaWidth" = 0xc
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBConfig" = {"IOFB0Hz"=Yes,"IOFBModes"=({"ID"=0xffffffffffffff00,"DM"=<010000000100000000000000000000000700000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"AID"=0x226})}
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBWaitCursorFrames" = 0x1d
    | |   |           | | | |   "DPLinkRate" = <f0d20000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-bpc" = <0a000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBProbeOptions" = 0x401
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBNeedsRefresh" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "device_type" = <646973706c6179>
    | |   |           | | | |   "compatible" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBTransform" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelRevision" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceIDs" = (0x100000000)
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"ACCF0000-0000-0000-0000-000a2789904e"="IOAccelerator2D.plugin"}
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBCursorInfo" = ()
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBWaitCursorPeriod" = 0x1fca055
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBTimingRange" = <0000000000000000020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000409c0000000000000049884c00000000000000000000000000000000040000000a000000f40100001027000020a1070000800000008000000000000000000000020101010201010101010101010100000200000000800000010000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000020000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000010000000080000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000028000000a097130028000000a09713000b000e00cb0127000000000000f812bcffffffff$
    | |   |           | | | |   "DPLinkBit" = <1e000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |           | | | |   "port-number" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |           | | | |   "FramebufferStarted" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | | }
    | |   |           | | | | 
    | |   |           | | | +-o AppleMCCSControlModule  <class AppleMCCSControlModule, id 0x100000589, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |           | | | | | {
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSControlModule"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleMCCSUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | | | }
    | |   |           | | | | | 
    | |   |           | | | | +-o AppleMCCSParameterHandler  <class AppleMCCSParameterHandler, id 0x100000590, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |     {
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODisplayParameters"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSParameterHandler"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |       "AppleMCCSFeatures" = 0x1
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | |     }
    | |   |           | | | |     
    | |   |           | | | +-o AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver  <class AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver, id 0x10000058b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o IOFramebufferI2CInterface  <class IOFramebufferI2CInterface, id 0x1000005ef, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CTransactionTypes" = 0x1f
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CSupportedCommFlags" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CInterfaceID" = 0x100000000
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CBusType" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o IOFramebufferUserClient  <class IOFramebufferUserClient, id 0x100000609, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           | | |     {
    | |   |           | | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |     }
    | |   |           | | |     
    | |   |           | | +-o ATY,Keelback@2  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonFramebuffer, id 0x100000583, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 18>
    | |   |           | | | | {
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBScalerInfo" = <00000000000000000000000000000000f600000000800000008000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOPMStrictTreeOrder" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "av-signal-type" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBDependentIndex" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBUIScale" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "audio-codec-info" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaHeaderSize" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaCount" = 0x100
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFramebufferOpenGLIndex" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   "FramebufferEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceInfo" = ({"IOI2CTransactionTypes"=0x1f,"IOI2CSupportedCommFlags"=0x2,"IOI2CInterfaceID"=0x0,"IOI2CBusType"=0x2})
    | |   |           | | | |   "connector-type" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IODisplayParameters" = "IOFramebufferParameterHandler is not serializable"
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelTypes" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/PEG0@1/IOPP/EGP0@0/IOPP/EGP1@0/IOPP/GFX0@0/AMDRadeonX6000_AMDNavi14GraphicsAccelerator"
    | |   |           | | | |   "display-type" = "NONE"
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |           | | | |   "name" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBDependentID" = 0x10000057d
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBGammaWidth" = 0xc
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelIndex" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBConfig" = {"IOFB0Hz"=Yes,"IOFBModes"=({"ID"=0xffffffffffffff00,"DM"=<010000000100000000000000000000000700000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"AID"=0x226})}
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBWaitCursorFrames" = 0x1d
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBWaitCursorPeriod" = 0x1fca055
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBProbeOptions" = 0x401
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBNeedsRefresh" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | |   "device_type" = <646973706c6179>
    | |   |           | | | |   "compatible" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBTransform" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOAccelRevision" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceIDs" = (0x200000000)
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"ACCF0000-0000-0000-0000-000a2789904e"="IOAccelerator2D.plugin"}
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBCursorInfo" = ()
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOFBTimingRange" = <0000000000000000020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000409c0000000000000049884c00000000000000000000000000000000040000000a000000f40100001027000020a1070000800000008000000000000000000000020101010201010101010101010100000200000000800000010000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000020000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000010000000080000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000028000000a097130028000000a09713000b000e00cb0127000000000000f812bcffffffff$
    | |   |           | | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |           | | | |   "port-number" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |           | | | |   "FramebufferStarted" = Yes
    | |   |           | | | | }
    | |   |           | | | | 
    | |   |           | | | +-o AppleMCCSControlModule  <class AppleMCCSControlModule, id 0x100000587, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |           | | | | | {
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSControlModule"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleMCCSUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | | | }
    | |   |           | | | | | 
    | |   |           | | | | +-o AppleMCCSParameterHandler  <class AppleMCCSParameterHandler, id 0x10000058d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |     {
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODisplayParameters"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSParameterHandler"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |       "AppleMCCSFeatures" = 0x1
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | | | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | | | |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | |     }
    | |   |           | | | |     
    | |   |           | | | +-o AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver  <class AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver, id 0x100000588, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | | | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o IOFramebufferI2CInterface  <class IOFramebufferI2CInterface, id 0x1000005f1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | | | |   {
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CTransactionTypes" = 0x1f
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CSupportedCommFlags" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CInterfaceID" = 0x200000000
    | |   |           | | | |     "IOI2CBusType" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | | |   }
    | |   |           | | | |   
    | |   |           | | | +-o IOFramebufferUserClient  <class IOFramebufferUserClient, id 0x100000616, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           | | |     {
    | |   |           | | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |     }
    | |   |           | | |     
    | |   |           | | +-o ATY,Keelback@3  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AmdRadeonFramebuffer, id 0x100000585, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 18>
    | |   |           | |   | {
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBScalerInfo" = <00000000000000000000000000000000f600000000800000008000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOPMStrictTreeOrder" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   |   "av-signal-type" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBDependentIndex" = 0x3
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBUIScale" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | |   |   "audio-codec-info" = <00000000>
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBGammaHeaderSize" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBGammaCount" = 0x100
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFramebufferOpenGLIndex" = 0x3
    | |   |           | |   |   "FramebufferEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceInfo" = ({"IOI2CTransactionTypes"=0x1f,"IOI2CSupportedCommFlags"=0x2,"IOI2CInterfaceID"=0x0,"IOI2CBusType"=0x2})
    | |   |           | |   |   "connector-type" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   |   "IODisplayParameters" = "IOFramebufferParameterHandler is not serializable"
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOAccelTypes" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/PEG0@1/IOPP/EGP0@0/IOPP/EGP1@0/IOPP/GFX0@0/AMDRadeonX6000_AMDNavi14GraphicsAccelerator"
    | |   |           | |   |   "display-type" = "NONE"
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |           | |   |   "name" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBDependentID" = 0x10000057d
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBGammaWidth" = 0xc
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOAccelIndex" = 0x3
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBConfig" = {"IOFB0Hz"=Yes,"IOFBModes"=({"ID"=0xffffffffffffff00,"DM"=<010000000100000000000000000000000700000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"AID"=0x226})}
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBWaitCursorFrames" = 0x1d
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBWaitCursorPeriod" = 0x1fca055
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBProbeOptions" = 0x401
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBNeedsRefresh" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   |   "device_type" = <646973706c6179>
    | |   |           | |   |   "compatible" = <4154592c4b65656c6261636b>
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBTransform" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOAccelRevision" = 0x2
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBI2CInterfaceIDs" = (0x300000000)
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"ACCF0000-0000-0000-0000-000a2789904e"="IOAccelerator2D.plugin"}
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBCursorInfo" = ()
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOFBTimingRange" = <0000000000000000020000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000409c0000000000000049884c00000000000000000000000000000000040000000a000000f40100001027000020a1070000800000008000000000000000000000020101010201010101010101010100000200000000800000010000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000020000000080000001000000008000000100000000800000010000000080000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000028000000a097130028000000a09713000b000e00cb0127000000000000f812bcffffffff$
    | |   |           | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |           | |   |   "port-number" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |           | |   |   "FramebufferStarted" = Yes
    | |   |           | |   | }
    | |   |           | |   | 
    | |   |           | |   +-o AppleMCCSControlModule  <class AppleMCCSControlModule, id 0x10000058c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |           | |   | | {
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSControlModule"
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleMCCSUserClient"
    | |   |           | |   | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | |   | | }
    | |   |           | |   | | 
    | |   |           | |   | +-o AppleMCCSParameterHandler  <class AppleMCCSParameterHandler, id 0x100000591, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | |   |     {
    | |   |           | |   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | |   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODisplayParameters"
    | |   |           | |   |       "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSParameterHandler"
    | |   |           | |   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | |   |       "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   |       "AppleMCCSFeatures" = 0x1
    | |   |           | |   |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |   |           | |   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |           | |   |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | |   |     }
    | |   |           | |   |     
    | |   |           | |   +-o AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver  <class AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver, id 0x10000058f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | |   |   {
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClientDriver"
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   |           | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleUpstreamUserClient"
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           | |   |   }
    | |   |           | |   |   
    | |   |           | |   +-o IOFramebufferI2CInterface  <class IOFramebufferI2CInterface, id 0x1000005f2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           | |   |   {
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOI2CTransactionTypes" = 0x1f
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOI2CSupportedCommFlags" = 0x2
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOI2CInterfaceID" = 0x300000000
    | |   |           | |   |     "IOI2CBusType" = 0x2
    | |   |           | |   |   }
    | |   |           | |   |   
    | |   |           | |   +-o IOFramebufferUserClient  <class IOFramebufferUserClient, id 0x100000623, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           | |       {
    | |   |           | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           | |       }
    | |   |           | |       
    | |   |           | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDNavi14GraphicsAccelerator  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDNavi14GraphicsAccelerator, id 0x10000057e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (28 ms), retain 70>
    | |   |           | | | {
    | |   |           | | |   "AccelCaps" = 0xf
    | |   |           | | |   "IODVDBundleName" = "AMDRadeonVADriver2"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGVAHEVCEncode" = "1"
    | |   |           | | |   "ATY,intrev" = 0x15
    | |   |           | | |   "AccelNativeDMARowByteAlignment" = 0x100
    | |   |           | | |   "InternalStatisticsAccm" = {}
    | |   |           | | |   "MetalStatisticsName" = "GFX10Statistics"
    | |   |           | | |   "GPURawCounterBundleName" = "AMDRawCounterPlugin"
    | |   |           | | |   "GPUDCCDisplayable" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |           | | |   "InternalStatistics" = {}
    | |   |           | | |   "MetalPluginClassName" = "AMDMTLGFX10Device"
    | |   |           | | |   "GPURawCounterPluginClassName" = "AMDRawCounterSourceGroup"
    | |   |           | | |   "GpuDebugPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |   "AGCInfo" = {"fBusyCount"=0x0,"poweredOffByAGC"=No,"fSubmissionsSinceLastCheck"=0x9087d,"fLastSubmissionPID"=0x97}
    | |   |           | | |   "dpm" = 0x1
    | |   |           | | |   "MetalPluginName" = "AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver"
    | |   |           | | |   "PerformanceStatisticsAccum" = {"iosurfaceTextureCreationBytes"=0x0,"HWChannel SDMA0_PAGE | Commands Completed"=0x0,"HWChannel VCN0Dec | Commands Completed"=0x0,"Device Utilization %"=0x0,"orphanedNonReusableSysMemoryCount"=0x0,"swapCompleteVideoWaitTime"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryHitRate"=0x0,"oolTextureCreationCount"=0x0,"surfaceCount"=0x14,"HWChannel KIQ | Commands Submitted"=0x0,"HWChannel SDMA1_PAGE | Commands Completed"=0x0,"context2DCount"=0x4,"surfaceCopyOutWaitTime"=0x0,"surfaceReadLockIdleWaitTime"=0$
    | |   |           | | |   "PerformanceStatistics" = {"iosurfaceTextureCreationBytes"=0x0,"HWChannel SDMA0_PAGE | Commands Completed"=0x1d,"HWChannel VCN0Dec | Commands Completed"=0x0,"Device Utilization %"=0x3,"orphanedNonReusableSysMemoryCount"=0x0,"swapCompleteVideoWaitTime"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryHitRate"=0x0,"oolTextureCreationCount"=0x0,"surfaceCount"=0x14,"HWChannel KIQ | Commands Submitted"=0x0,"HWChannel SDMA1_PAGE | Commands Completed"=0xf,"context2DCount"=0x4,"surfaceCopyOutWaitTime"=0x0,"surfaceReadLockIdleWaitTime"=0x0,"$
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGLBundleName" = "AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"LoadAccelerator"=Yes}
    | |   |           | | |   "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |   "IOSourceVersion" = "0.0.0.0.0"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000"
    | |   |           | | |   "GPUDebugNullClientMask" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGVAHEVCDecodeCapabilities" = {"VTPerProfileDetails"={"1"={"VTMaxDecodeLevel"=0x99},"2"={"VTMaxDecodeLevel"=0x99},"3"={"VTMaxDecodeLevel"=0x99}},"VTSupportedProfileArray"=(0x1,0x2,0x3)}
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGVAH264EncodeCapabilities" = {"VTRating"=0x15e,"VTQualityRating"=0x32}
    | |   |           | | |   "ATY,cbits" = 0x40000
    | |   |           | | |   "IOOCDBundleName" = "AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver"
    | |   |           | | |   "cail_properties" = {}
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOAccelRevision" = 0x2
    | |   |           | | |   "IOVARendererID" = 0x1020004
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"ACCF0000-0000-0000-0000-000a2789904e"="IOAccelerator2D.plugin"}
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGVACodec" = "AMDVCN2"
    | |   |           | | |   "SWIP_properties" = {"EnableSwVCNFWLoading"=0x0,"EnableVCNFWLog"=0x0}
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGVAHEVCDecode" = "1"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOClass" = "AMDRadeonX6000_AMDNavi14GraphicsAccelerator"
    | |   |           | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonX6000"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "GPUConfigurationVariable" = {"NumROP"=0x8,"MemBusWidth"=0x80,"NumCUPerSH"=0xa,"NumSH"=0x2,"SysClkFreq"=0x28488,"NumSE"=0x1,"MemClkFreq"=0x155cc}
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |           | | |   "IOPCIMatch" = "0x73401002 0x73411002 0x73431002 0x73471002 0x734F1002"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOAccelerator"
    | |   |           | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0xfa0,0x180000001,"Overall GPU Busy"),(0xfa1,0x180000001,"Overall GPU total time"),(0xfa2,0x180000001,"3d Busy"),(0xfa3,0x180000001,"3d total time"),(0xfaa,0x180000001,"DMA Busy"),(0xfab,0x180000001,"DMA total time"),(0xfa6,0x180000001,"Video Busy"),(0xfa7,0x180000001,"Video total time"),(0xfa8,0x180000001,"Compute Busy"),(0xfa9,0x180000001,"Compute total time"),(0x414d44504d344200,0x180000001,"PM4 Busy"),(0x414d44504d345400,0x180000001,"PM4 total time"),(0x0,0x180000001,"$
    | |   |           | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |   "IOGVAHEVCEncodeCapabilities" = {"VTPerProfileDetails"={"1"={"VTMaxEncodeLevel"=0x99}},"VTQualityRating"=0x32,"VTRating"=0x15e,"VTSupportedProfileArray"=(0x1)}
    | |   |           | | |   "IOAccelDisplayPipeCapabilities" = {"DisplayPipeSupported"=Yes,"TransactionsSupported"=Yes}
    | |   |           | | |   "SurfaceList" = ()
    | |   |           | | | }
    | |   |           | | | 
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext, id 0x1000005fc, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2  <class IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2, id 0x100000607, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext, id 0x10000060a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2  <class IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2, id 0x100000615, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext, id 0x100000617, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2  <class IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2, id 0x100000622, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccel2DContext, id 0x100000624, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x0
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2  <class IOAccelDisplayPipeUserClient2, id 0x10000062f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000630, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x100000631, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x100000637, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x10000063d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x10000063e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x10000063f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x100000640, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x100000641, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x100000642, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x100000643, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x100000644, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSurface, id 0x100000645, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue, id 0x100000648, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x220eacaeff3
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0xe4742016e
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue, id 0x10000064b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x220e8d1fb34
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x233040530
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000006a9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000006aa, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000006c3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 429, Dock"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000006c4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 429, Dock"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000006d7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 497, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000006d8, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 497, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000700, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 505, iconservicesagen"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x100000701, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 505, iconservicesagen"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue, id 0x100000707, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x16c5857bcc0
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 505, iconservicesagen"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0xd2438
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000742, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 587, SafeEjectGPUServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x100000743, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 587, SafeEjectGPUServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x10000075b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 609, com.apple.dock.e"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x10000075c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 609, com.apple.dock.e"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue, id 0x10000075d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x3f45acf85
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 609, com.apple.dock.e"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x25a58
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000760, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "GL/CL"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 619, Adobe CEF Helper"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000764, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 619, Adobe CEF Helper"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x100000765, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 619, Adobe CEF Helper"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000768, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 626, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x100000769, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 626, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000776, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 629, VTEncoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x100000777, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 629, VTEncoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x10000077e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 619, Adobe CEF Helper"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDGFX10GLContext  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDGFX10GLContext, id 0x10000077f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x66f36197e
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 619, Adobe CEF Helper"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x3147988
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000795, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "GL/CL"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 630, Adobe Desktop Se"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000007a6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 433, Finder"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000007a7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 433, Finder"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue, id 0x1000007a8, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x1c77484c840
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 433, Finder"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x10fe0
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000007af, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 682, Terminal"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000007b0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 682, Terminal"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue, id 0x1000007b1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0xe258a4e23
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 682, Terminal"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x2918
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000007b6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "GL/CL"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 725, Google Chrome He"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000007b7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 725, Google Chrome He"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000007b8, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 725, Google Chrome He"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000007ba, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 729, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000007bb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 729, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x1000007ca, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 732, VTEncoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000007cb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 732, VTEncoderXPCServ"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x1000007d1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 725, Google Chrome He"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDGFX10GLContext  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDGFX10GLContext, id 0x1000007d2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "lastSubmittedTime" = 0x220ebd824bf
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 725, Google Chrome He"
    | |   |           | | |     "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x77f8e895c
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelDevice, id 0x100000824, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "API" = "Metal"
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 571, ScreenTimeWidget"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelSharedUserClient, id 0x100000825, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | | |   {
    | |   |           | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 571, ScreenTimeWidget"
    | |   |           | | |   }
    | |   |           | | |   
    | |   |           | | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AMDAccelCommandQueue, id 0x100000826, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           | |     {
    | |   |           | |       "lastSubmittedTime" = 0xd5cb09d4e0
    | |   |           | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 571, ScreenTimeWidget"
    | |   |           | |       "accumulatedGPUTime" = 0x141e0
    | |   |           | |     }
    | |   |           | |     
    | |   |           | +-o AMDRadeonX6000_AmdAgdcServices  <class AMDRadeonX6000_AmdAgdcServices, id 0x1000005e2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |           |   | {
    | |   |           |   |   "BootData" = <0000000001000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000050cfcd1c0000000050cfcd1c0000000050cfcd1c00000000000a0000a00000003000000020000000400b000052000000030000000a0000000000000000000000000000000000000001000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001000400000001000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000050cfcd1c0000000050cfcd1c0000000050cfcd1c00000000000a0000a00000003000000020000000400b00005$
    | |   |           |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient"
    | |   |           |   |   "BootStreamConfig" = <010000000000000002011400000000000000000400000000140400007f00000001000012>
    | |   |           |   |   "FBValidateData" = <2500000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000200000001000000108fec3700000000108fec3700000000108fec370000000000140000a00000003000000020000000400b0000520000000300000005000000000000000000000000000000000000000100000000000000000000000000000002000000000000000100040001000100000000000000000000000000000000000200000000000000000000000000000000000000000a0000a00500000200000001000000108fec3700000000108fec3700000000108fec370000000000140000a00000003000000020000000400b000052000000030000000500000000000000000$
    | |   |           |   | }
    | |   |           |   | 
    | |   |           |   +-o AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy  <class AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy, id 0x1000005e3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |           |   | | {
    | |   |           |   | |   "IOClass" = "AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy"
    | |   |           |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy"
    | |   |           |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "AppleGraphicsDeviceControl"
    | |   |           |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |           |   | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |           |   | |   "Config2" = {"GFX0"={"EDID"={"index"=0x0},"FeatureControl"=0xc,"unload"=No}}
    | |   |           |   | |   "Default" = {"none"=""}
    | |   |           |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy"
    | |   |           |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |           |   | |   "ConfigMap" = {"Mac-C9CF552659EA9913"="none","Mac-F60DEB81FF30ACF6"="Config1","Mac-B809C3757DA9BB8D"="Config2","Mac-C3EC7CD22292981F"="none","Mac-FA842E06C61E91C5"="Config2","Mac-77EB7D7DAF985301"="none","Mac-AA95B1DDAB278B95"="Config3","Mac-4B7AC7E43945597E"="none","Mac-77F17D7DA9285301"="Config3","Mac-81E3E92DD6088272"="Config2","Mac-27ADBB7B4CEE8E61"="none","Mac-00BE6ED71E35EB86"="none","Mac-63001698E7A34814"="Config3","Mac-031B6874CF7F642A"="Config2","Mac-65CE76090165799A"="Config2","Mac-42FD25EABCABB274"="C$
    | |   |           |   | |   "Config4" = {"IGPU"={"unload"=Yes},"display"={"EDID"={"index"=0x0},"FeatureControl"=0xc,"unload"=No},"GFX0"={"EDID"={"index"=0x0},"FeatureControl"=0xc,"unload"=No}}
    | |   |           |   | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy"
    | |   |           |   | |   "Config1" = {"GFX1"={"unload"=Yes}}
    | |   |           |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleGraphicsDevicePolicy"
    | |   |           |   | |   "Config3" = {"IGPU"={"unload"=Yes},"GFX0"={"EDID"={"index"=0x0},"FeatureControl"=0xc,"unload"=No}}
    | |   |           |   | | }
    | |   |           |   | | 
    | |   |           |   | +-o AGDPClientControl  <class AGDPClientControl, id 0x1000005e4, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |           |   |   | {
    | |   |           |   |   |   "NeedsPolicyDriver" = No
    | |   |           |   |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AGDPUserClient"
    | |   |           |   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |           |   |   | }
    | |   |           |   |   | 
    | |   |           |   |   +-o AGDPUserClient  <class AGDPUserClient, id 0x1000005e6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           |   |       {
    | |   |           |   |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 130, displaypolicyd"
    | |   |           |   |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           |   |       }
    | |   |           |   |       
    | |   |           |   +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient, id 0x100000605, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           |   |   {
    | |   |           |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           |   |   }
    | |   |           |   |   
    | |   |           |   +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient, id 0x100000613, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           |   |   {
    | |   |           |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           |   |   }
    | |   |           |   |   
    | |   |           |   +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient, id 0x100000620, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           |   |   {
    | |   |           |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           |   |   }
    | |   |           |   |   
    | |   |           |   +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient, id 0x10000062d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |           |       {
    | |   |           |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |           |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           |       }
    | |   |           |       
    | |   |           +-o HDAU@0,1  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000204, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (114 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |             | {
    | |   |             |   "assigned-addresses" = <100103820000000000006a810000000000400000>
    | |   |             |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1100000007000000>,<0700000000000100>)
    | |   |             |   "class-code" = <00030400>
    | |   |             |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x816a0000,"length"=0x4000}))
    | |   |             |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |             |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |             |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |             |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |             |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |             |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   |             |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |             |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |             |   "vendor-id" = <02100000>
    | |   |             |   "name" = <706369313030322c6162333800>
    | |   |             |   "device-id" = <38ab0000>
    | |   |             |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x2
    | |   |             |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x50
    | |   |             |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |             |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c32313900706369313030322c6162333800706369636c6173732c303430333030004844415500>
    | |   |             |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |             |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x400d03
    | |   |             |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/PEG0@10000/EGP0@0/EGP1@0/HDAU@1"
    | |   |             |   "subsystem-id" = <19020000>
    | |   |             |   "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |             |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1103
    | |   |             |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x12
    | |   |             |   "pcidebug" = "3:0:1"
    | |   |             |   "IOName" = "pci1002,ab38"
    | |   |             |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs$
    | |   |             |   "reg" = <00010300000000000000000000000000000000001001030200000000000000000000000000400000>
    | |   |             | }
    | |   |             | 
    | |   |             +-o AppleGFXHDAEGController@0,1  <class AppleGFXHDAEGController, id 0x10000052c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |               | {
    | |   |               |   "IOClass" = "AppleGFXHDAEGController"
    | |   |               |   "HighFIFOLimitSupport" = ()
    | |   |               |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleGFXHDA"
    | |   |               |   "RequireMaxBusStall" = ({"Layouts"=(),"MaxBusStall"=0x3a98})
    | |   |               |   "HDAControllerIndex" = 0x0
    | |   |               |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |               |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |               |   "GFX BDF" = 0x30000
    | |   |               |   "InputLowPower" = No
    | |   |               |   "status-mask" = 0x1
    | |   |               |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1
    | |   |               |   "HDAU BDF" = 0x30001
    | |   |               |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleGFXHDA"
    | |   |               |   "GFXPowerControl" = 0x0
    | |   |               |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |               |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleGFXHDA"
    | |   |               |   "DPAlwaysDisplayRouting" = (0x3,0x21,0x23,0x58)
    | |   |               |   "DPAudioDeviceExclusion" = ({"ManufacturerID"=0x610,"ProductID"=0x2792})
    | |   |               |   "OutputLowPower" = No
    | |   |               |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |               |   "IOPCIMatch" = "0xAAF81002 0xAAF01002 0xABF81002 0xAB201002 0xAAE01002 0xAB381002 0xAB281002"
    | |   |               | }
    | |   |               | 
    | |   |               +-o AppleGFXHDADriver@0,1,0  <class AppleGFXHDADriver, id 0x10000056d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |                   {
    | |   |                     "IOAudioDeviceName" = "DeviceN"
    | |   |                     "IOAudioDeviceShortName" = "DeviceS"
    | |   |                     "vendorcodecID" = 0x1002aa01
    | |   |                     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |                     "IOAudioDeviceModelID" = "AppleGFXHDA:0"
    | |   |                     "IOPMUnattendedWakePowerState" = 0x0
    | |   |                     "IOAudioPowerState" = 0x2
    | |   |                     "IOAudioDeviceManufacturerName" = "ManufacturerName"
    | |   |                     "HDMIDPAudioCapabilities" = Yes
    | |   |                     "IOAudioDeviceCanBeDefaults" = 0x6
    | |   |                     "IOAudioDeviceLocalizedBundle" = "AppleGFXHDA.kext"
    | |   |                     "PowerProfile" = {"PowerIdentity"="Built-in Audio","MaximumPowerLimit"=0x0,"IdlePowerLevel"=0x0,"CurrentPowerLevel"=0x0}
    | |   |                     "IOAudioDeviceTransportType" = 0x64707274
    | |   |                   }
    | |   |                   
    | |   +-o IGPU@2  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000205, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (595 ms), retain 28>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <1010008240000000000000110000000000000001181000c2400000000000002000000000000000102010008100000000004000000000000040000000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<0200000000000100>)
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IORepo$
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00000300>
    | |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4011000000,"length"=0x1000000}),({"address"=0x4020000000,"length"=0x10000000}),"IOSubMemoryDescriptor is not serializable")
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <646973706c617900>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <c89b0000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c6666666600706369383038362c3962633800706369636c6173732c303330303030004947505500>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/IGPU@20000"
    | |   | |   "model" = <496e74656c2048442047726170686963732043464c00>
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <ffff0000>
    | |   | |   "AAPL,ig-platform-id" = <0300c89b>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <03000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x92
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:2:0"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "display"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "reg" = <0010000000000000000000000000000000000000101000020000000000000000000000000000000118100042000000000000000000000000000000102010000100000000000000000000000040000000>
    | |   | |   "IOMemoryDescriptorOptions" = 0x800
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o AppleIntelFramebufferController  <class AppleIntelFramebufferController, id 0x100000543, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (193 ms), retain 8>
    | |   | | | {
    | |   | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleIntelFramebufferController"
    | |   | | |   "dpm" = <01000000>
    | |   | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelCFLGraphicsFramebuffer"
    | |   | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x13885
    | |   | | |   "FBCControl" = {"Compression"=0x1}
    | |   | | |   "FBMemControl" = 0xb
    | |   | | |   "IOSourceVersion" = "0.0.0.0.0"
    | |   | | |   "FeatureControl" = {"SpreadON"=0x1,"EDPDownSpreadDisable"=0x0,"YTiling"=0x1,"ResourceSetSupport"=0x1,"SupportDynamicCDClk"=0x1,"Enable8K"=0x1,"RenderStandby"=0x1,"TTNFBuffDistribution"=0x1,"EnablePlaneRotation"=0x1,"VBLWatchdogFeatureEnable"=0x1,"GFMPPFM"=0x2,"GPUInterruptHandling"=0x1,"IgnorePanelTimings"=0x0,"ASRDisable"=0x0,"GammaTestMode"=0x0,"CoarsePowerGatingSelect"=0x4,"EnableTconScaler"=0x1,"RotationSupportForMultiLink"=0x1,"EdramSWModeInED"=0x1,"FastDisplayDetectDisable"=0x0,"RCxEIModeEnable"=0x1,"OptimizeForTTNFAfte$
    | |   | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelCFLGraphicsFramebuffer"
    | |   | | |   "IOPCIPrimaryMatch" = "0x3E9B8086 0x3EA58086 0x3EA68086 0x3E928086 0x3E918086 0x3E988086 0x9BC88086 0x9BC58086 0x9BC48086"
    | |   | | |   "VRAM,totalMB" = <0006000000000000>
    | |   | | |   "Debug" = {"LogEnable"=Yes,"LogHeader"={"Module"=Yes,"Tag"=Yes,"File"=No,"StackLevel"=No,"Stamp"=No,"ThreadId"=No,"Line"=No,"Function"=Yes,"LogLevel"=Yes},"LogLevel"={"POWER"=0x1f,"DISPLAY"=0x1f,"DIAGS"=0x1f,"DEFAULT"=0x1f,"AUX"=0x7,"PANEL"=0x7,"TRANSACTION"=0x7,"HDCP"=0x7,"LINK_TRAINING"=0x1f,"PLANE"=0x7,"SYSCTL"=0x7,"SCALER"=0x7,"METRICS"=0x1f,"DIAGNOSTICS"=0x1f},"LogListener"={"Printf"={}}}
    | |   | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelCFLGraphicsFramebuffer"
    | |   | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOFramebuffer"
    | |   | | |   "PMTControl" = {"DisplayEngineCounting"=0x0}
    | |   | | |   "NumFrameBuffer" = <00>
    | |   | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0x524330,0x180000001,"RC0"),(0x524331,0x180000001,"RC1"),(0x524336,0x180000001,"RC6")),"IOReportGroupName"="GPU C-States","IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x100007600000000}},{"IOReportChannels"=((0x5050464d,0x200020002,"PPFM State")),"IOReportGroupName"="Display","IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x100007600000001}})
    | |   | | |   "IOPCIClassMatch" = "0x03000000&0xff000000"
    | |   | | | }
    | |   | | | 
    | |   | | +-o IntelFBClientControl  <class IntelFBClientControl, id 0x100000572, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (193 ms), retain 9>
    | |   | | | | {
    | |   | | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient"
    | |   | | | | }
    | |   | | | | 
    | |   | | | +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient, id 0x100000634, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   | | | |   {
    | |   | | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   | | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   | | | |   }
    | |   | | | |   
    | |   | | | +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlClient, id 0x10000074a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   | | |     {
    | |   | | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | |   | | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   | | |     }
    | |   | | |     
    | |   | | +-o AppleIntelMEClientController  <class AppleIntelMEClientController, id 0x10000057a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   | |     {
    | |   | |       "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleIntelMEUserClient"
    | |   | |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   | |     }
    | |   | |     
    | |   | +-o IntelAccelerator  <class IntelAccelerator, id 0x100000545, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (9 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |     {
    | |   |       "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |       "IODVDBundleName" = "AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver"
    | |   |       "IOGVAHEVCEncode" = "2"
    | |   |       "InternalStatisticsAccm" = {}
    | |   |       "GPURawCounterBundleName" = "AppleIntelKBLGraphicsMTLDriver"
    | |   |       "MetalStatisticsName" = ("MetalStatistics","autocorr1/ComputeBasic","autocorr1/ComputeExtended","autocorr1/ComputeExtra","autocorr1/ComputeL3Cache","autocorr1/HDCAndSF","autocorr1/L3_1","autocorr1/L3_2","autocorr1/L3_3","autocorr1/MemoryReads","autocorr1/MemoryWrites","autocorr1/RasterizerAndPixelBackend","autocorr1/RenderBasic","autocorr1/RenderPipeProfile","autocorr1/Sampler","autocorr1/TDL_1","autocorr1/TDL_2")
    | |   |       "IOGVAXDecode" = "2"
    | |   |       "GPURawCounterPluginClassName" = "IGGPURawCounterSourceGroup"
    | |   |       "InternalStatistics" = {}
    | |   |       "IOGVABGRAEnc" = "Gen95"
    | |   |       "AGCInfo" = {"fBusyCount"=0x0,"poweredOffByAGC"=No,"fSubmissionsSinceLastCheck"=0xd6f5,"fLastSubmissionPID"=0x2d9}
    | |   |       "PerformanceStatisticsAccum" = {"orphanedReusableVidMemoryHitRate"=0x0,"texturePageOutBytes"=0x0,"swapCompleteVideoWaitTime"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryHitRate"=0x0,"dataBufferCount"=0x0,"oolTexturePageInBytes"=0x0,"textureCount"=0x2,"iosurfaceTextureCreationCount"=0x0,"surfaceReadLockIdleWaitTime"=0x0,"freeDataBufferWaitTime"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryBytes"=0x0,"ioSurfaceReadOutBytes"=0x0,"agprefTextureCreationCount"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryCount"=0x0,"finishAll2DWaitTime"=0x0,"orphanedNonReusableSysMemoryCount$
    | |   |       "PerformanceStatistics" = {"orphanedReusableVidMemoryHitRate"=0x0,"texturePageOutBytes"=0x0,"swapCompleteVideoWaitTime"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryHitRate"=0x0,"dataBufferCount"=0x0,"oolTexturePageInBytes"=0x0,"textureCount"=0x2,"Device Utilization % at cur p-state"=0x0,"iosurfaceTextureCreationCount"=0x0,"freeDataBufferWaitTime"=0x0,"surfaceReadLockIdleWaitTime"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryBytes"=0x0,"ioSurfaceReadOutBytes"=0x0,"agprefTextureCreationCount"=0x0,"orphanedReusableSysMemoryCount"=0x0,"finishAll2DWaitTime"=0$
    | |   |       "IOGLBundleName" = "AppleIntelKBLGraphicsGLDriver"
    | |   |       "IOPCIClassMatch" = "0x03000000&0xff000000"
    | |   |       "IOSourceVersion" = "0.0.0.0.0"
    | |   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelKBLGraphics"
    | |   |       "Development" = {"SignalStampRange"=0x1,"CsbProcModeSelect"=0x0,"PreemptionTimerIntervalUS"=0x7d0,"EnableBlitLib"=0x1,"EUThrottle"=0x0,"PageTableMode"=0x40,"SamplerPipeThrottle"=0x0,"DisablePageFaultHandling"=0x0,"GraphicsSchedulerSelect"=0x0,"EnablePlaneRotation"=0x0,"AddressMode"=0x40,"DisableTailCoalescing"=0x0,"SemaphoreWaitPoll"=0x1,"SingleChannelIndex"=0x0,"HwCtxCacheUpdate"=0x1,"SurfaceSizeBasedColorBufferLLCBypass"=0x2,"WaitForComplete"=0x0,"PPGTT"=0x1,"AllowIOSurfaceRenderCompression"=0x1,"SchedSecure"=0x1,"AllowRend$
    | |   |       "IOGVAHEVCDecodeCapabilities" = {"VTPerProfileDetails"={"1"={"VTMaxDecodeLevel"=0xba},"2"={"VTMaxDecodeLevel"=0xba},"3"={"VTMaxDecodeLevel"=0xba}},"VTSupportedProfileArray"=(0x1,0x2,0x3)}
    | |   |       "IOPCIPrimaryMatch" = "0x59128086 0x59168086 0x591B8086 0x591C8086 0x591E8086 0x59268086 0x59278086 0x59238086 0x87C08086 0x3E9B8086 0x3EA58086 0x3EA68086 0x3E918086 0x3E928086 0x3E988086 0x9B418086 0x9BCA8086 0x9BCC8086 0x9BC88086 0x9BC58086 0x9BC48086"
    | |   |       "IOGVAH264EncodeCapabilities" = {"VTRating"=0x190,"VTQualityRating"=0x32}
    | |   |       "VRAM,totalMB" = 0x600
    | |   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelKBLGraphics"
    | |   |       "IOAccelRevision" = 0x2
    | |   |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"ACCF0000-0000-0000-0000-000a2789904e"="IOAccelerator2D.plugin"}
    | |   |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       "IOVARendererID" = 0x1080020
    | |   |       "IOGVACodec" = "Gen95"
    | |   |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       "IOGVAHEVCDecode" = "2"
    | |   |       "IOClass" = "IntelAccelerator"
    | |   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelKBLGraphics"
    | |   |       "IOGVAScaler" = "Gen95"
    | |   |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0xfa0,0x180000001,"Overall GPU Busy"),(0xfa1,0x180000001,"Overall GPU total time"),(0x0,0x180000001,"Command Buffer Bytes"),(0x1,0x180000001,"GL Command Buffer Bytes"),(0x2,0x180000001,"CL Command Buffer Bytes"),(0x3,0x180000001,"2D Command Buffer Bytes"),(0x4,0x180000001,"Video Command Buffer Bytes"),(0x5,0x180000001,"Out-Of-Line Texture Creation Bytes"),(0x6,0x180000001,"Shared System Memory Texture Creation Bytes"),(0x7,0x180000001,"Private Video Memory Texture Creation Bytes"),(0x$
    | |   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOAccelerator"
    | |   |       "AccelCaps" = 0xf
    | |   |       "IOAccelDisplayPipeCapabilities" = {"DisplayPipeSupported"=Yes,"TransactionsSupported"=Yes}
    | |   |       "IOGVAHEVCEncodeCapabilities" = {"VTPerProfileDetails"={"1"={"VTMaxEncodeLevel"=0x9c},"2"={"VTMaxEncodeLevel"=0x9c}},"VTQualityRating"=0x50,"VTRating"=0x64,"VTSupportedProfileArray"=(0x1,0x2)}
    | |   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       "SurfaceList" = ()
    | |   |     }
    | |   |     
    | |   +-o pci8086,6f9@12  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000028b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36663900706369636c6173732c31313830303000>
    | |   |     "IOName" = "pci8086,6f9"
    | |   |     "reg" = <00900000000000000000000000000000000000001090000200000000000000000000000000100000>
    | |   |     "assigned-addresses" = <109000824000000000a041100000000000100000>
    | |   |     "device-id" = <f9060000>
    | |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x401041a000,"length"=0x1000}))
    | |   |     "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "pcidebug" = "0:18:0"
    | |   |     "class-code" = <00801100>
    | |   |     "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |     "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0300000000000100>)
    | |   |     "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   |     "name" = <706369383038362c36663900>
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o XHC1@14  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000026d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1373 ms), retain 15>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <10a0008240000000000040100000000000000100>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<0400000000000100>)
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <30030c00>
    | |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4010400000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <706369383038362c36656400>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <ed060000>
    | |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x70
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36656400706369636c6173732c306330333330005848433100>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000"
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:20:0"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci8086,6ed"
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IORepo$
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00a000000000000000000000000000000000000010a0000200000000000000000000000000000100>
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o XHC1@14000000  <class AppleIntelCNLUSBXHCI, id 0x10000029d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1099 ms), retain 160>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleIntelCNLUSBXHCI"
    | |   |   |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIPCI"
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "ports" = {"SS02"={"UsbConnector"=0x3,"port"=<12000000>},"HS14"={"UsbConnector"=0x3,"port"=<0e000000>},"SS05"={"UsbConnector"=0x3,"port"=<15000000>},"HS08"={"UsbConnector"=0x3,"port"=<08000000>},"SS03"={"UsbConnector"=0x3,"port"=<13000000>},"HS12"={"UsbConnector"=0x9,"port"=<0c000000>},"SS04"={"UsbConnector"=0x3,"port"=<14000000>},"HS03"={"UsbConnector"=0x3,"port"=<03000000>},"SS01"={"kUSBHostPortPropertyCardReader"=Yes,"kUSBHostPortPropertyCardReaderValidateDescriptors"=No,"kUSBDeviceDescriptorOverride"=<20e5120473924c311520$
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1388
    | |   |   |   "UsbRTD3Supported" = Yes
    | |   |   |   "locationID" = 0x14000000
    | |   |   |   "name" = <5848433100>
    | |   |   |   "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000"}
    | |   |   |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |   "UsbCompanionSSP" = ("XHC2")
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIPCI"
    | |   |   |   "IOPCIPrimaryMatch" = "0x9ded8086 0xa36d8086 0x06ed8086"
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIPCI"
    | |   |   |   "Revision" = <0103>
    | |   |   |   "port-count" = <16000000>
    | |   |   |   "UsbCompanionSS" = ("XHC2")
    | |   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |   |   "controller-statistics" = {"kControllerStatIOCount"=0x12f51,"kControllerStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339637ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kControllerStatSpuriousInterruptCount"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   "kUSBSleepSupported" = Yes
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o HS03@14100000  <class AppleUSB20XHCIPort, id 0x10000035d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3 ms), retain 15>
    | |   |   | | {
    | |   |   | |   "UsbCompanionSS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<13000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   | |   "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |   | |   "UsbCompanionSSP" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<13000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14100000
    | |   |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   | |   "port-status" = 0x1300
    | |   |   | |   "device-properties" = {"NoNumber"=0x0,"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/HS03@3"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339590ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortSt$
    | |   |   | |   "name" = "HS03"
    | |   |   | |   "port" = <03000000>
    | |   |   | | }
    | |   |   | | 
    | |   |   | +-o USB2.0 Hub@14100000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x1000003b3, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3 ms), retain 39>
    | |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "Built-In" = No
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003dd
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Product Name" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |   |   |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "idProduct" = 0x610
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |   |   |   |   "sessionID" = 0x428b8c16
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBContainerID" = "5ff2b044-0b2d-4777-9136-0b9ce8d3343a"
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Address" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "locationID" = 0x14100000
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x210
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x1000003de, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSB20Hub@14100000  <class AppleUSB20Hub, id 0x1000003e1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 23>
    | |   |   |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSB20Hub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x1000003e1
    | |   |   |   | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14100000
    | |   |   |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14110000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x1000003e5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <01000000>
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339237ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="1ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0x14110000
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14120000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x1000003e6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <02000000>
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339240ms (100%)","kPowerStateOn"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0x14120000
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14130000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x1000003e7, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <03000000>
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339238ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="2ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0x14130000
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14140000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x1000003e8, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   |     {
    | |   |   |   |       "port" = <04000000>
    | |   |   |   |       "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339238ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="1ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   |       "locationID" = 0x14140000
    | |   |   |   |     }
    | |   |   |   |     
    | |   |   |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x1000003e3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |     "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003e4
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |     "bAlternateSetting" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "idProduct" = 0x610
    | |   |   |   |     "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |   |   |   |     "USB Product Name" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14100000
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   |     "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "USB Vendor Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   |     "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |   |   |   |     "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o FocusriteControl  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000004cb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 88, FocusriteControl"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o Google Chrome  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000007de, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |       {
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |       }
    | |   |   |       
    | |   |   +-o HS07@14200000  <class AppleUSB20XHCITypeCPort, id 0x10000035e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |     "UsbCompanionSS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<03000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC2"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |   |     "kUSBHostPortExternalDevicePowerController" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "UsbConnector" = 0x9
    | |   |   |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |   |     "UsbCompanionSSP" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<03000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC2"}
    | |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14200000
    | |   |   |     "UsbPowerSource" = 0x2
    | |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |     "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x10000035e
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "device-properties" = {"UsbCPortNumber"=0x2,"kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"UsbPowerSource"=0x2,"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/HS07@7","acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "UsbCPortNumber" = 0x2
    | |   |   |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="2339632ms (100%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortSt$
    | |   |   |     "name" = "HS07"
    | |   |   |     "port" = <07000000>
    | |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   
    | |   |   +-o HS08@14300000  <class AppleUSB20XHCIPort, id 0x10000035f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (534 ms), retain 15>
    | |   |   | | {
    | |   |   | |   "UsbCompanionSS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<15000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   | |   "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |   | |   "UsbCompanionSSP" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<15000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14300000
    | |   |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   | |   "port-status" = 0x1200
    | |   |   | |   "device-properties" = {"NoNumber"=0x0,"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/HS08@8"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339339ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortSt$
    | |   |   | |   "name" = "HS08"
    | |   |   | |   "port" = <08000000>
    | |   |   | | }
    | |   |   | | 
    | |   |   | +-o USB Optical Mouse@14300000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x100000420, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (534 ms), retain 34>
    | |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   "sessionID" = 0x51eaee80
    | |   |   |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x100000423
    | |   |   |   |   "idProduct" = 0x2510
    | |   |   |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x100
    | |   |   |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Address" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   |   "locationID" = 0x14300000
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   |   "Built-In" = No
    | |   |   |   |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "PixArt"
    | |   |   |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "idVendor" = 0x93a
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "PixArt"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x100000424, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice  <class AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice, id 0x100000429, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   |     "kUSBPreferredConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x10000042a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (531 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   "USBSpeed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x10000042b
    | |   |   |   | |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "idProduct" = 0x2510
    | |   |   |   | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x100
    | |   |   |   | |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |   |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14300000
    | |   |   |   | |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "PixArt"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   | |   "idVendor" = 0x93a
    | |   |   |   | |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice  <class AppleUserHIDDevice, id 0x100000514, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (14 ms), retain 15>
    | |   |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDLibUserClient"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "VersionNumber" = 0x100
    | |   |   |   |   |   "VendorID" = 0x93a
    | |   |   |   |   |   "ReportDescriptor" = <05010902a1010901a1000509190129031500250175019503810275059501810105010930093109381581257f750895038106c0c0>
    | |   |   |   |   |   "DebugState" = {"InputReportCount"=0x42a2,"InputReportTime"=0xa4356c604}
    | |   |   |   |   |   "BootProtocol" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   |   "RequiresTCCAuthorization" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   |   "Product" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "Elements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x1,"CollectionType"=0x1,"Type"=0x201,"VariableSize"=0x0,"Elements"=({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x2,"CollectionType"=0x0,"Type"=0x201,"VariableSize"=0x0,"Elements"=({"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0x9,"Max"=0x1,"IsArray"=No,"Type"=0x2,"Size"=0x1,"Min"=0x0,"Flags"=0x2,"ReportID"=0x0,"Usage"=0x1,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Unit"=0x0,"HasNullState"=No,"ReportSize"=0x1,"HasPreferredState"=Yes,"IsNonLinear"=No,"ScaledMin"=0x0,"IsWrapping"=No,"Scal$
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.device"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "Manufacturer" = "PixArt"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "ProductID" = 0x2510
    | |   |   |   |   |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   |   |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x2},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice1"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   |   "InputReportElements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0xb,"Size"=0x20,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Type"=0x1,"VariableSize"=0x0,"UsagePage"=0x0,"ReportSize"=0x20,"Usage"=0x0})
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOUserClass"="AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice","CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","IOClass"="AppleUserHIDDevice","bInterfaceClass"=0x3,"CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","IOProbeScore"=0x3e8,"IOProviderClass"="IOUSBHostInterface","HIDDefaultBehavior"="","bInterfaceSubClass"=0x1,"IOUserServerName"="com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice1"}
    | |   |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","40A57A4E-26A0-11D8-9295-000A958A2C78"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "LocationID" = 0x14300000
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   |   |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   |   "RequestTimeout" = 0x4c4b40
    | |   |   |   |   |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xc738
    | |   |   |   |   |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |   |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   |   +-o IOHIDInterface  <class IOHIDInterface, id 0x10000059b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (13 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   |     | {
    | |   |   |   |     |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   |     |   "BootProtocol" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |     |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   |     |   "Manufacturer" = "PixArt"
    | |   |   |   |     |   "Product" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |   |   |   |     |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   |     |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x2},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   |   |     |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     |   "ReportDescriptor" = <05010902a1010901a1000509190129031500250175019503810275059501810105010930093109381581257f750895038106c0c0>
    | |   |   |   |     |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     |   "VendorID" = 0x93a
    | |   |   |   |     |   "VersionNumber" = 0x100
    | |   |   |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = ("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.hid")
    | |   |   |   |     |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |     |   "LocationID" = 0x14300000
    | |   |   |   |     |   "ProductID" = 0x2510
    | |   |   |   |     |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |     |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     | }
    | |   |   |   |     | 
    | |   |   |   |     +-o AppleUserHIDEventDriver  <class AppleUserHIDEventService, id 0x1000005a3, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   |       | {
    | |   |   |   |       |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDEventServiceUserClient"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "VersionNumber" = 0x100
    | |   |   |   |       |   "VendorID" = 0x93a
    | |   |   |   |       |   "HIDPointerResolution" = 0x1900000
    | |   |   |   |       |   "Product" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.eventservice"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "Manufacturer" = "PixArt"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "ProductID" = 0x2510
    | |   |   |   |       |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x2},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   |   |       |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   |       |   "HIDScrollResolution" = 0x90000
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       |   "HIDPointerButtonCount" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |       |   "VendorIDSource" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOProbeScore"=0x1,"CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","IOClass"="AppleUserHIDEventService","IOProviderClass"="IOHIDInterface","CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","IOUserClass"="AppleUserHIDEventDriver","DeviceUsagePairs"=({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x1},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x2},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x6},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x7},$
    | |   |   |   |       |   "HIDEventServiceProperties" = {"HIDMouseKeysOptionToggles"=0x0,"JitterNoClick"=0x1,"ActuateDetents"=0x1,"Dragging"=0x0,"HIDSlowKeysDelay"=0x0,"JitterNoMove"=0x1,"FlipLeftAndRightEdgeGestures"=No,"HIDTrackpadScrollAcceleration"=0x5000,"HIDInitialKeyRepeat"=0x1dcd6500,"TrackpadThreeFingerHorizSwipeGesture"=0x2,"TrackpadThreeFingerDrag"=No,"MTGestureConfiguration"={"Version"=0x1,"Behaviors"=({"BehaviorID"=0x5})},"HIDPointerAcceleration"=0xb000,"UserPreferences"=Yes,"HIDDefaultParameters"=Yes,"HIDMouseKeysOn"=0x0,"HID$
    | |   |   |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOHIDInterface"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "LocationID" = 0x14300000
    | |   |   |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDEventService"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |       |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       |   "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x4b1
    | |   |   |   |       |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |       | }
    | |   |   |   |       | 
    | |   |   |   |       +-o IOHIDEventServiceUserClient  <class IOHIDEventServiceUserClient, id 0x1000005d8, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   |           {
    | |   |   |   |             "DebugState" = {"EventQueue"={"NoFullMsg"=0x0,"tail"=0x300,"NotificationForce"=0x0,"NotificationCount"=0x42a2,"head"=0x300},"EnqueueEventCount"=0x42df,"LastEventType"=0x11,"LastEventTime"=0xa4362daa9}
    | |   |   |   |             "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |   |   |             "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |           }
    | |   |   |   |           
    | |   |   |   +-o FocusriteControl  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000004ce, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 88, FocusriteControl"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o Google Chrome  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000007e1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 7>
    | |   |   |       {
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |       }
    | |   |   |       
    | |   |   +-o HS10@14400000  <class AppleUSB20XHCIPort, id 0x100000361, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |     "UsbCompanionSS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<12000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x4,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |     "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |   |     "UsbCompanionSSP" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<12000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14400000
    | |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "device-properties" = {"NoNumber"=0x0,"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/HS10@a"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339341ms (100%)","kPowerStateOn"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortSt$
    | |   |   |     "name" = "HS10"
    | |   |   |     "port" = <0a000000>
    | |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   
    | |   |   +-o HS12@14500000  <class AppleUSB20XHCITypeCPort, id 0x100000363, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |     "UsbCompanionSS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<04000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC2"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |   |     "kUSBHostPortExternalDevicePowerController" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "UsbConnector" = 0x9
    | |   |   |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |   |     "UsbCompanionSSP" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<04000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC2"}
    | |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14500000
    | |   |   |     "UsbPowerSource" = 0x2
    | |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |     "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x100000363
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "device-properties" = {"UsbCPortNumber"=0x1,"kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"UsbPowerSource"=0x2,"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/HS12@c","acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "UsbCPortNumber" = 0x1
    | |   |   |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="2339635ms (100%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortSt$
    | |   |   |     "name" = "HS12"
    | |   |   |     "port" = <0c000000>
    | |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   
    | |   |   +-o HS14@14600000  <class AppleUSB20XHCIPort, id 0x100000365, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (551 ms), retain 15>
    | |   |   | | {
    | |   |   | |   "UsbCompanionSS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<14000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   | |   "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |   | |   "UsbCompanionSSP" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<14000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14600000
    | |   |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   | |   "port-status" = 0x1300
    | |   |   | |   "device-properties" = {"NoNumber"=0x0,"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/HS14@e"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339342ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortSt$
    | |   |   | |   "name" = "HS14"
    | |   |   | |   "port" = <0e000000>
    | |   |   | | }
    | |   |   | | 
    | |   |   | +-o USB2.0 Hub@14600000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x10000040e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (551 ms), retain 39>
    | |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   "sessionID" = 0x4d40310b
    | |   |   |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x100000410
    | |   |   |   |   "idProduct" = 0x608
    | |   |   |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x8536
    | |   |   |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   |   |   |   "iProduct" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBContainerID" = "67fd6e42-6fce-4e47-ba91-e31d5ea3ddb7"
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Product Name" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |   "locationID" = 0x14600000
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Address" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |   "Built-In" = No
    | |   |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x100000411, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSB20Hub@14600000  <class AppleUSB20Hub, id 0x100000414, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (548 ms), retain 23>
    | |   |   |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSB20Hub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x100000414
    | |   |   |   | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14600000
    | |   |   |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14610000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x100000417, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <01000000>
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339063ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="1ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0x14610000
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14620000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x100000418, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <02000000>
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339063ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="1ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0x14620000
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14630000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x100000419, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (548 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |   |   | | | {
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port" = <03000000>
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-status" = 0x1200
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339064ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   | | |   "locationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | | | }
    | |   |   |   | | | 
    | |   |   |   | | +-o Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard@14630000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x100000444, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (548 ms), retain 40>
    | |   |   |   | |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "sessionID" = 0x5c6ffce8
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x100000446
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idProduct" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Product Name" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Address" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "locationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Built-In" = No
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idVendor" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x100000447, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice  <class AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice, id 0x10000044b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "kUSBPreferredConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x10000044c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (543 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBSpeed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x10000044e
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idProduct" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Product Name" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idVendor" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | |   | +-o AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice  <class AppleUserHIDDevice, id 0x100000549, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (23 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDLibUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "VersionNumber" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "VendorID" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "ReportDescriptor" = <05010906a1010508190129031500250175019503910295059101050719e029e7950881027508950181011900299126ff0095068100c0>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "DebugState" = {"SetReportTime"=0x21cb2d6d780,"InputReportCount"=0x2fc,"SetReportCount"=0x4,"InputReportTime"=0x6d4b849a7}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "BootProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "RequiresTCCAuthorization" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Product" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Elements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x1,"CollectionType"=0x1,"Type"=0x201,"VariableSize"=0x0,"Elements"=({"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0x7,"Max"=0x1,"IsArray"=No,"Type"=0x2,"Size"=0x1,"Min"=0x0,"Flags"=0x2,"ReportID"=0x0,"Usage"=0xe0,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Unit"=0x0,"HasNullState"=No,"ReportSize"=0x1,"HasPreferredState"=Yes,"IsNonLinear"=No,"ScaledMin"=0x0,"IsWrapping"=No,"ScaledMax"=0x1,"ElementCookie"=0x4},{"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsageP$
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.device"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Manufacturer" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "ProductID" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x6})
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDeviceKB"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "InputReportElements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0xf6,"Size"=0x40,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Type"=0x1,"VariableSize"=0x0,"UsagePage"=0x0,"ReportSize"=0x40,"Usage"=0x0})
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOClass"="AppleUserHIDDevice","CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOProviderClass"="IOUSBHostInterface","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","IOProbeScore"=0x3e8,"bInterfaceSubClass"=0x1,"IOUserServerName"="com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDeviceKB","HIDDefaultBehavior"="","bInterfaceProtocol"=0x1,"CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","bInterfaceClass"=0x3,"IOUserClass"="AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","40A57A4E-26A0-11D8-9295-000A958A2C78"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "LocationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "RequestTimeout" = 0x4c4b40
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xee48
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   |   +-o IOHIDInterface  <class IOHIDInterface, id 0x1000005ab, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (22 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   | |   |     | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "BootProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "Manufacturer" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "Product" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x6})
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "ReportDescriptor" = <05010906a1010508190129031500250175019503910295059101050719e029e7950881027508950181011900299126ff0095068100c0>
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "VendorID" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "VersionNumber" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = ("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.hid")
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "LocationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "ProductID" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     | }
    | |   |   |   | |   |     | 
    | |   |   |   | |   |     +-o AppleUserHIDEventDriver  <class AppleUserHIDEventService, id 0x1000005b2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   |       | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDEventServiceUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "VersionNumber" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "VendorID" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Product" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDKeyboardSupportedModifiers" = 0x11e20ff
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.eventservice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Manufacturer" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "ProductID" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x6})
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "VendorIDSource" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOProbeScore"=0x1,"CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","IOClass"="AppleUserHIDEventService","IOProviderClass"="IOHIDInterface","CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","IOUserClass"="AppleUserHIDEventDriver","DeviceUsagePairs"=({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x1},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x2},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x6},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"$
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDEventServiceProperties" = {"HIDMouseKeysOptionToggles"=0x0,"JitterNoClick"=0x1,"ActuateDetents"=0x1,"Dragging"=0x0,"HIDSlowKeysDelay"=0x0,"JitterNoMove"=0x1,"FlipLeftAndRightEdgeGestures"=No,"HIDTrackpadScrollAcceleration"=0x5000,"HIDInitialKeyRepeat"=0x1dcd6500,"TrackpadThreeFingerHorizSwipeGesture"=0x2,"TrackpadThreeFingerDrag"=No,"MTGestureConfiguration"={"Version"=0x1,"Behaviors"=({"BehaviorID"=0x5})},"HIDPointerAcceleration"=0xb000,"UserPreferences"=Yes,"HIDDefaultParameters"=Yes,"HIDMouseKeysOn"=0x$
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDKeyboardKeysDefined" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOHIDInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "LocationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDEventService"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDKeyboardSupportsEscKey" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x4b1
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |       | }
    | |   |   |   | |   |       | 
    | |   |   |   | |   |       +-o IOHIDEventServiceUserClient  <class IOHIDEventServiceUserClient, id 0x1000005d6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |   |           {
    | |   |   |   | |   |             "DebugState" = {"EventQueue"={"NoFullMsg"=0x0,"tail"=0x180,"NotificationForce"=0x0,"NotificationCount"=0x2fc,"head"=0x180},"EnqueueEventCount"=0x306,"LastEventType"=0x3,"LastEventTime"=0x6d52b1552}
    | |   |   |   | |   |             "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |   |   | |   |             "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |           }
    | |   |   |   | |   |           
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@1  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x10000044d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (523 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBSpeed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x10000044f
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idProduct" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Product Name" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idVendor" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | |   | +-o AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice  <class AppleUserHIDDevice, id 0x100000529, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (5 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDLibUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "VersionNumber" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "VendorID" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "ReportDescriptor" = <050c0901a101850119002a3c021500263c02950175108100c005010980a1018502198129831500250175019503810295058101c0>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "DebugState" = {}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "BootProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Product" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Elements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x1,"CollectionType"=0x1,"Type"=0x201,"VariableSize"=0x0,"Elements"=({"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0xc,"Max"=0x23c,"IsArray"=Yes,"Type"=0x2,"Size"=0x10,"Min"=0x0,"Flags"=0x0,"ReportID"=0x1,"Usage"=0xffffffffffffffff,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Unit"=0x0,"HasNullState"=No,"ReportSize"=0x10,"HasPreferredState"=Yes,"IsNonLinear"=No,"ScaledMin"=0x0,"IsWrapping"=No,"ScaledMax"=0x23c,"ElementCookie"=0x9},{"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"I$
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.device"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "Manufacturer" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "ProductID" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x80})
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "InputReportElements" = ({"ReportID"=0x1,"ElementCookie"=0x24a,"Size"=0x18,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Type"=0x1,"VariableSize"=0x0,"UsagePage"=0x0,"ReportSize"=0x18,"Usage"=0x0},{"ReportID"=0x2,"ElementCookie"=0x24b,"Size"=0x10,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Type"=0x1,"VariableSize"=0x0,"UsagePage"=0x0,"ReportSize"=0x10,"Usage"=0x0})
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOProbeScore"=0x3e8,"CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","HIDDefaultBehavior"="","bInterfaceClass"=0x3,"CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","IOUserClass"="AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice","IOProviderClass"="IOUSBHostInterface","bInterfaceSubClass"=0x0,"IOClass"="AppleUserHIDDevice","IOUserServerName"="com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","40A57A4E-26A0-11D8-9295-000A958A2C78"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "LocationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "RequestTimeout" = 0x4c4b40
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xc738
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   |   +-o IOHIDInterface  <class IOHIDInterface, id 0x10000059f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |     | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "BootProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "Manufacturer" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "Product" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x80})
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "ReportDescriptor" = <050c0901a101850119002a3c021500263c02950175108100c005010980a1018502198129831500250175019503810295058101c0>
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "VendorID" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "VersionNumber" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = ("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.hid")
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "LocationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "ProductID" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |     |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     | }
    | |   |   |   | |   |     | 
    | |   |   |   | |   |     +-o IOHIDEventDriver  <class IOHIDEventDriver, id 0x1000005ac, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |       | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "SensorProperties" = {}
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDEventServiceUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "VersionNumber" = 0x110
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "VendorID" = 0x2222
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "DebugState" = {}
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "BootProtocol" = No
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Scroll" = {"Elements"=({"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0xc,"Max"=0x1,"IsArray"=Yes,"Type"=0x2,"Size"=0x1,"Min"=0x0,"Flags"=0x0,"ReportID"=0x1,"Usage"=0x238,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Unit"=0x0,"HasNullState"=No,"ReportSize"=0x1,"HasPreferredState"=Yes,"IsNonLinear"=No,"ScaledMin"=0x0,"IsWrapping"=No,"ScaledMax"=0x1,"ElementCookie"=0x242})}
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Product" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Keyboard" = {"Elements"=({"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0xc,"Max"=0x1,"IsArray"=Yes,"Type"=0x2,"Size"=0x1,"Min"=0x0,"Flags"=0x0,"ReportID"=0x1,"Usage"=0x1,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Unit"=0x0,"HasNullState"=No,"ReportSize"=0x1,"HasPreferredState"=Yes,"IsNonLinear"=No,"ScaledMin"=0x0,"IsWrapping"=No,"ScaledMax"=0x1,"ElementCookie"=0xb},{"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0xc,"Max"=0x1,"IsArray"=Yes,"Type"=0x2,"Size"=0x1,"Min"=0x0,"Flags"=0x0,"ReportI$
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "Manufacturer" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "ProductID" = 0x43
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x80})
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDEventDriverSafeBoot"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "VendorIDSource" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDEventServiceProperties" = {"HIDMouseKeysOptionToggles"=0x0,"JitterNoClick"=0x1,"ActuateDetents"=0x1,"Dragging"=0x0,"HIDSlowKeysDelay"=0x0,"JitterNoMove"=0x1,"FlipLeftAndRightEdgeGestures"=No,"HIDTrackpadScrollAcceleration"=0x5000,"HIDInitialKeyRepeat"=0x1dcd6500,"TrackpadThreeFingerHorizSwipeGesture"=0x2,"TrackpadThreeFingerDrag"=No,"MTGestureConfiguration"={"Version"=0x1,"Behaviors"=({"BehaviorID"=0x5})},"HIDPointerAcceleration"=0xb000,"UserPreferences"=Yes,"HIDDefaultParameters"=Yes,"HIDMouseKeysOn"=0x$
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDAccelCurves" = ({"HIDAccelGainLinear"=0x10000,"HIDAccelTangentSpeedLinear"=0x80000,"HIDAccelIndex"=0x0},{"HIDAccelGainLinear"=0xeb85,"HIDAccelTangentSpeedLinear"=0x83333,"HIDAccelGainCubic"=0x147b,"HIDAccelGainParabolic"=0x6666,"HIDAccelTangentSpeedParabolicRoot"=0x130000,"HIDAccelIndex"=0x2000},{"HIDAccelGainLinear"=0xee14,"HIDAccelTangentSpeedLinear"=0x84ccd,"HIDAccelGainCubic"=0x199a,"HIDAccelGainParabolic"=0x8ccd,"HIDAccelTangentSpeedParabolicRoot"=0x120000,"HIDAccelIndex"=0x8000},{"HIDAccelGainLinea$
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOMatchDefer" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOHIDInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "LocationID" = 0x14630000
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "IOHIDEventDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "SensorPropertySupported" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x4b0
    | |   |   |   | |   |       |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       | }
    | |   |   |   | |   |       | 
    | |   |   |   | |   |       +-o IOHIDEventServiceUserClient  <class IOHIDEventServiceUserClient, id 0x1000005d9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |   |           {
    | |   |   |   | |   |             "DebugState" = {"EventQueue"={"NoFullMsg"=0x0,"tail"=0x0,"NotificationForce"=0x0,"NotificationCount"=0x0,"head"=0x0}}
    | |   |   |   | |   |             "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |   |   | |   |             "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |           }
    | |   |   |   | |   |           
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o FocusriteControl  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000004d0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 88, FocusriteControl"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o Google Chrome  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000007e2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 7>
    | |   |   |   | |       {
    | |   |   |   | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   |   |   | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       }
    | |   |   |   | |       
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB20HubPort@14640000  <class AppleUSB20HubPort, id 0x10000041a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   |     {
    | |   |   |   |       "port" = <04000000>
    | |   |   |   |       "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339125ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="1ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x1f4
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x64
    | |   |   |   |       "locationID" = 0x14640000
    | |   |   |   |     }
    | |   |   |   |     
    | |   |   |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x100000415, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |     "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x100000416
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "idProduct" = 0x608
    | |   |   |   |     "bcdDevice" = 0x8536
    | |   |   |   |     "USB Product Name" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14600000
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   |     "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   |     "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |   |   |   |     "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o FocusriteControl  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000004cd, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 88, FocusriteControl"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o Google Chrome  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000007e0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |       {
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |       }
    | |   |   |       
    | |   |   +-o SS01@14700000  <class AppleUSB30XHCICardReaderPort, id 0x100000367, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (114 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |     "kUSBHostPortPropertyCardReader" = Yes
    | |   |   |     "name" = "SS01"
    | |   |   |     "link-error-count" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "kUSBDeviceDescriptorOverride" = <20e5120473924c311520210311520210311209120f4ce44f203df7f34d>
    | |   |   |     "kUSBHostPortExternalDevicePowerController" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "UsbConnector" = 0xff
    | |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14700000
    | |   |   |     "port-status" = 0x2
    | |   |   |     "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/SS01@11"}
    | |   |   |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="2295421ms (98%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="44255ms (1%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPor$
    | |   |   |     "kUSBHostPortPropertyCardReaderValidateDescriptors" = No
    | |   |   |     "port" = <11000000>
    | |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   
    | |   |   +-o SS02@14800000  <class AppleUSB30XHCIPort, id 0x100000368, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |     "link-error-count" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x4,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |     "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |   |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14800000
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/SS02@12"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |   |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339425ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="252ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortS$
    | |   |   |     "name" = "SS02"
    | |   |   |     "port" = <12000000>
    | |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   
    | |   |   +-o SS03@14900000  <class AppleUSB30XHCIPort, id 0x100000369, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (429 ms), retain 18>
    | |   |   | | {
    | |   |   | |   "link-error-count" = 0x0
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   | |   "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14900000
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   | |   "port-status" = 0x1400
    | |   |   | |   "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/SS03@13"}
    | |   |   | |   "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |   | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339677ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortSt$
    | |   |   | |   "name" = "SS03"
    | |   |   | |   "port" = <13000000>
    | |   |   | | }
    | |   |   | | 
    | |   |   | +-o USB3.0 Hub@14900000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x1000003f8, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (429 ms), retain 38>
    | |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "Built-In" = No
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB3.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003fb
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Product Name" = "USB3.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |   |   |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |   "idProduct" = 0x616
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |   |   |   |   "sessionID" = 0x48ce3eae
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBContainerID" = "5ff2b044-0b2d-4777-9136-0b9ce8d3343a"
    | |   |   |   |   "USB Address" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   |   "locationID" = 0x14900000
    | |   |   |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x310
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   |   "kUSBHubIdlePolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x1000003fc, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSB30GLHub@14900000  <class AppleUSB30GLHub, id 0x1000003ff, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (425 ms), retain 23>
    | |   |   |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSB30GLHub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   "USBSpeed" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   | |   "idProduct" = "*"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x15c0c
    | |   |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0x14900000
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x1000003ff
    | |   |   |   | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHub"
    | |   |   |   | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB30HubPort@14910000  <class AppleUSB30HubPort, id 0x100000405, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (425 ms), retain 17>
    | |   |   |   | | | {
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port" = <01000000>
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-status" = 0x1400
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="1216886ms (52%)","kPowerStateOn"="1122009ms (47%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=$
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | | |   "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x130
    | |   |   |   | | |   "locationID" = 0x14910000
    | |   |   |   | | | }
    | |   |   |   | | | 
    | |   |   |   | | +-o USB Flash Drive@14910000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x10000082a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (425 ms), retain 33>
    | |   |   |   | |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Built-In" = No
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Serial Number" = "04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Lexar"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x10000082c
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Lexar"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idVendor" = 0x21c4
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idProduct" = 0xcd1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x1100
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "sessionID" = 0x11bbd62478f
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Address" = 0x7
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "locationID" = 0x14910000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x320
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x7
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   | |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x10000082d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o FocusriteControl  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x100000831, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 88, FocusriteControl"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o Google Chrome  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x100000832, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 7>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice  <class AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice, id 0x100000835, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "kUSBPreferredConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x100000837, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (282 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |     | {
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBSpeed" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x100000839
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x50
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idProduct" = 0xcd1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bcdDevice" = 0x1100
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "locationID" = 0x14910000
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Lexar"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idVendor" = 0x21c4
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Serial Number" = "04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |     | }
    | |   |   |   | |     | 
    | |   |   |   | |     +-o IOUSBMassStorageInterfaceNub  <class IOUSBMassStorageInterfaceNub, id 0x10000083a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (279 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   | |       | {
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOClass" = "IOUSBMassStorageInterfaceNub"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "idProduct" = 0xcd1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x50
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bcdDevice" = 0x1100
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Physical Interconnect Location" = "External"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "USB Device Info" = {"bcdDevice"=0x1100,"idProduct"=0xcd1,"bInterfaceSubClass"=0x6,"locationID"=0x14910000,"bConfigurationValue"=0x1,"kUSBVendorString"="Lexar","kUSBSerialNumberString"="04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M","USB Product Name"="USB Flash Drive","kUSBProductString"="USB Flash Drive","idVendor"=0x21c4,"bInterfaceProtocol"=0x50,"bInterfaceNumber"=0x0,"bInterfaceClass"=0x8,"bNumConfigurations"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "locationID" = 0x14910000
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Physical Interconnect" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "idVendor" = 0x21c4
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "USB Mass Storage Trace ID" = 0x21c40cd114910000
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Lexar"
    | |   |   |   | |       | }
    | |   |   |   | |       | 
    | |   |   |   | |       +-o IOUSBMassStorageDriverNub  <class IOUSBMassStorageDriverNub, id 0x10000083c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (278 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |   |   | |         | {
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOClass" = "IOUSBMassStorageDriverNub"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "Number Of InterfaceNubs" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "idProduct" = 0xcd1
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x50
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "USB Device Info" = {"bcdDevice"=0x1100,"idProduct"=0xcd1,"bInterfaceSubClass"=0x6,"locationID"=0x14910000,"bConfigurationValue"=0x1,"kUSBVendorString"="Lexar","kUSBSerialNumberString"="04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M","USB Product Name"="USB Flash Drive","kUSBProductString"="USB Flash Drive","idVendor"=0x21c4,"bInterfaceProtocol"=0x50,"bInterfaceNumber"=0x0,"bInterfaceClass"=0x8,"bNumConfigurations"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBMassStorageInterfaceNub"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "Physical Interconnect Location" = "External"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "Physical Interconnect" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "USB Mass Storage Trace ID" = 0x21c40cd114910000
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "idVendor" = 0x21c4
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Lexar"
    | |   |   |   | |         | }
    | |   |   |   | |         | 
    | |   |   |   | |         +-o IOUSBMassStorageDriver  <class IOUSBMassStorageDriver, id 0x10000083e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (278 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   | |           | {
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOClass" = "IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBMassStorageDriverNub"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Write Time Out Duration" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "USB Mass Storage Trace ID" = 0x21c40cd114910000
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Read Time Out Duration" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOUnit" = 0x7
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Retry Count" = 0x14
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Protocol Characteristics" = {"Physical Interconnect"="USB","Read Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Physical Interconnect Location"="External","Write Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Retry Count"=0x14}
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x50
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Physical Interconnect Location" = "External"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "No INQUIRY VPD Pages" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |           | }
    | |   |   |   | |           | 
    | |   |   |   | |           +-o IOSCSILogicalUnitNub@0  <class IOSCSILogicalUnitNub, id 0x100000840, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (9 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |             | {
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "TPGS Information" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "Peripheral Device Type" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "Vendor Identification" = "Lexar"
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "SCSI Logical Unit Number" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "IOMatchCategory" = "SCSITaskUserClientIniter"
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "Product Identification" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "Protocol Characteristics" = {"Physical Interconnect"="USB","Read Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"SCSI Logical Unit Number"=0x0,"Physical Interconnect Location"="External","Write Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Retry Count"=0x14}
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "IOUnitLUN" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |             |   "Product Revision Level" = "1100"
    | |   |   |   | |             | }
    | |   |   |   | |             | 
    | |   |   |   | |             +-o IOSCSIPeripheralDeviceType00  <class IOSCSIPeripheralDeviceType00, id 0x100000841, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (6 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   | |               | {
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOClass" = "IOSCSIPeripheralDeviceType00"
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIBlockCommandsDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOSCSIPeripheralDeviceNub"
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOMaximumBlockCountRead" = 0x800
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0xc040,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"ActivityTickles"=0x90,"DevicePowerState"=0x4,"IdleTimerPeriod"=0x2e630,"TimeSinceLastTickle"=0x7170,"DriverPowerState"=0x1,"IdleTimerElapsedTime"=0x4818,"CurrentPowerState"=0x4}
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOMaximumBlockCountWrite" = 0x800
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1388
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "Peripheral Device Type" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOMaximumByteCountWrite" = 0x100000
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIBlockCommandsDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIBlockCommandsDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "WriteCacheState" = No
    | |   |   |   | |               |   "IOMaximumByteCountRead" = 0x100000
    | |   |   |   | |               | }
    | |   |   |   | |               | 
    | |   |   |   | |               +-o IOBlockStorageServices  <class IOBlockStorageServices, id 0x100000844, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (6 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |                 | {
    | |   |   |   | |                 |   "IOMinimumSegmentAlignmentByteCount" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   | |                 |   "device-type" = "Generic"
    | |   |   |   | |                 |   "Protocol Characteristics" = {"Physical Interconnect"="USB","Read Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"SCSI Logical Unit Number"=0x0,"Physical Interconnect Location"="External","Write Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Retry Count"=0x14}
    | |   |   |   | |                 |   "Device Characteristics" = {"Vendor Name"="Lexar","Product Name"="USB Flash Drive","Product Revision Level"="1100"}
    | |   |   |   | |                 | }
    | |   |   |   | |                 | 
    | |   |   |   | |                 +-o IOBlockStorageDriver  <class IOBlockStorageDriver, id 0x100000845, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (5 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   | |                   | {
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"device-type"="Generic"}
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOBlockStorageDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "IOClass" = "IOBlockStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "Statistics" = {"Operations (Write)"=0xeb5,"Latency Time (Write)"=0x0,"Bytes (Read)"=0x25637200,"Errors (Write)"=0x0,"Total Time (Read)"=0x4eb5ab11a,"Latency Time (Read)"=0x0,"Retries (Read)"=0x0,"Errors (Read)"=0x0,"Total Time (Write)"=0xe54523517,"Bytes (Write)"=0xbca4400,"Operations (Read)"=0x3b9f,"Retries (Write)"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |                   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |                   | }
    | |   |   |   | |                   | 
    | |   |   |   | |                   +-o Lexar USB Flash Drive Media  <class IOMedia, id 0x100000847, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (5 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |                     | {
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Content" = "GUID_partition_scheme"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Removable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Whole" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Leaf" = No
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "BSD Name" = "disk2"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Ejectable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "IOMediaIcon" = {"IOBundleResourceFile"="Removable.icns","CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"}
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "BSD Minor" = 0xd
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Size" = 0x73a000000
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "Content Hint" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   "BSD Unit" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |                     | }
    | |   |   |   | |                     | 
    | |   |   |   | |                     +-o IOMediaBSDClient  <class IOMediaBSDClient, id 0x100000848, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   {
    | |   |   |   | |                     |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |   | |                     |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |     "IOClass" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   }
    | |   |   |   | |                     |   
    | |   |   |   | |                     +-o IOGUIDPartitionScheme  <class IOGUIDPartitionScheme, id 0x10000084a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |   | |                       | {
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xfa0
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOStorage"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "IOClass" = "IOGUIDPartitionScheme"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"Whole"=Yes}
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "UUID" = "AF4DC365-DA50-42EB-9A95-708FC5574A7F"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |   "Content Mask" = "GUID_partition_scheme"
    | |   |   |   | |                       | }
    | |   |   |   | |                       | 
    | |   |   |   | |                       +-o EFI System Partition@1  <class IOMedia, id 0x10000084e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   | |                       | | {
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Open" = No
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Base" = 0x5000
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Size" = 0xc800000
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Content" = "C12A7328-F81F-11D2-BA4B-00A0C93EC93B"
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "BSD Minor" = 0xf
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Removable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "UUID" = "131B5799-639A-42BD-8A0B-28C5C5C983D8"
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Ejectable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "BSD Name" = "disk2s1"
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Partition ID" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "GPT Attributes" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Content Hint" = "C12A7328-F81F-11D2-BA4B-00A0C93EC93B"
    | |   |   |   | |                       | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                       | | }
    | |   |   |   | |                       | | 
    | |   |   |   | |                       | +-o IOMediaBSDClient  <class IOMediaBSDClient, id 0x100000851, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |                       |     {
    | |   |   |   | |                       |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |   | |                       |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |       "IOClass" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |   | |                       |     }
    | |   |   |   | |                       |     
    | |   |   |   | |                       +-o Untitled 2@2  <class IOMedia, id 0x10000084f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |   | |                         | {
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Base" = 0xc900000
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Size" = 0x72d600000
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Content" = "EBD0A0A2-B9E5-4433-87C0-68B6B72699C7"
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "BSD Minor" = 0xe
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Removable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "UUID" = "61EE31C7-5F3D-4C96-B4CE-BBD186D59171"
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "BSD Unit" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Ejectable" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "BSD Name" = "disk2s2"
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Partition ID" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "GPT Attributes" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Content Hint" = "EBD0A0A2-B9E5-4433-87C0-68B6B72699C7"
    | |   |   |   | |                         |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |                         | }
    | |   |   |   | |                         | 
    | |   |   |   | |                         +-o IOMediaBSDClient  <class IOMediaBSDClient, id 0x100000850, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |   | |                             {
    | |   |   |   | |                               "IOProbeScore" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |   | |                               "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                               "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |   | |                               "IOClass" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |   | |                               "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |   | |                               "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |                               "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |   | |                             }
    | |   |   |   | |                             
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB30HubPort@14920000  <class AppleUSB30HubPort, id 0x100000406, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <02000000>
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2338895ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="1ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0x14920000
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB30HubPort@14930000  <class AppleUSB30HubPort, id 0x100000407, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <03000000>
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2338894ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="2ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0x14930000
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSB30HubPort@14940000  <class AppleUSB30HubPort, id 0x100000408, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   |     {
    | |   |   |   |       "port" = <04000000>
    | |   |   |   |       "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2338895ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="2ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x384
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10004,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   |       "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |   |   |       "locationID" = 0x14940000
    | |   |   |   |     }
    | |   |   |   |     
    | |   |   |   +-o GenesysLogic@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x100000403, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "USBSpeed" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   |     "iInterface" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x100000404
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "idProduct" = 0x616
    | |   |   |   |     "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |   |   |   |     "USB Interface Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |     "USB Product Name" = "USB3.0 Hub"
    | |   |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14900000
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceClass" = 0x9
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   |     "USBPortType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "kUSBString" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |     "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |     "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "USB Vendor Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |   |   |   |     "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |   |   |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb"))
    | |   |   |   |     "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o FocusriteControl  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000004cc, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 88, FocusriteControl"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o Google Chrome  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000007df, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |       {
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   |   |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |       }
    | |   |   |       
    | |   |   +-o SS04@14a00000  <class AppleUSB30XHCIPort, id 0x10000036a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |     "link-error-count" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x4,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |     "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |   |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |   |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |     "locationID" = 0x14a00000
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/SS04@14"}
    | |   |   |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |   |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339431ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="252ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortS$
    | |   |   |     "name" = "SS04"
    | |   |   |     "port" = <14000000>
    | |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   
    | |   |   +-o SS05@14b00000  <class AppleUSB30XHCIPort, id 0x10000036b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |       {
    | |   |         "link-error-count" = 0x0
    | |   |         "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |         "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x4,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |         "UsbConnector" = 0x3
    | |   |         "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |         "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |         "locationID" = 0x14b00000
    | |   |         "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |         "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |         "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XHC1@140000/RHUB@0/SS05@15"}
    | |   |         "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |         "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="2339431ms (99%)","kPowerStateOn"="252ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kPortS$
    | |   |         "name" = "SS05"
    | |   |         "port" = <15000000>
    | |   |       }
    | |   |       
    | |   +-o pci8086,6ef@14,2  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000028c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "compatible" = <706369383038362c36656600706369636c6173732c30353030303000>
    | |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     "IOName" = "pci8086,6ef"
    | |   |     "reg" = <00a200000000000000000000000000000000000010a200020000000000000000000000000020000018a2000200000000000000000000000000100000>
    | |   |     "assigned-addresses" = <10a200824000000000404110000000000020000018a2008240000000009041100000000000100000>
    | |   |     "device-id" = <ef060000>
    | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4010414000,"length"=0x2000}),({"address"=0x4010419000,"length"=0x1000}))
    | |   |     "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |     "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "pcidebug" = "0:20:2"
    | |   |     "class-code" = <00000500>
    | |   |     "name" = <706369383038362c36656600>
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o IMEI@16  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000217, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <10b0008240000000008041100000000000100000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<0500000000000100>)
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00800700>
    | |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4010418000,"length"=0x1000}))
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <706369383038362c36653000>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <e0060000>
    | |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x50
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36653000706369636c6173732c30373830303000494d454900>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/IMEI@160000"
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:22:0"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci8086,6e0"
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IORepo$
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00b000000000000000000000000000000000000010b0000200000000000000000000000000100000>
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o AppleIntelMEIDriver  <class AppleIntelMEIDriver, id 0x100000570, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |     {
    | |   |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |     }
    | |   |     
    | |   +-o RP17@1B  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000025b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1165 ms), retain 14>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x11724c43
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <40000000>
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0x84fd00
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:27:0(4:4)"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x7043
    | |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x142
    | |   | |   "apple-coprocessor-version" = <0000020000000000>
    | |   | |   "reg-ltrovr" = <0004000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000000000000008200000000000000000000000000000000000000c24000000000000012000000c2400000000000001200000000000030010000008100000000000000000000008100000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0xa0
    | |   | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <70636934302c3000706369383038362c36633000706369636c6173732c303630343030005250313700>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x40
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00d8000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <c0060000>
    | |   | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <f0000000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP17@1b0000"
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002a6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1161 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o ANS2@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000025c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (312 ms), retain 15>
    | |   |   | | {
    | |   |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <100004c240000000000000120000000000004000180004c240000000000000130000000000000800200004c240000000000020130000000000000100>
    | |   |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0800000000000100>)
    | |   |   | |   "class-code" = <02800100>
    | |   |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4012000000,"length"=0x400000}),({"address"=0x4013000000,"length"=0x80000}),({"address"=0x4013200000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | |   |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x102
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |   | |   "vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |   | |   "name" = <706369313036622c3230303500>
    | |   |   | |   "device-id" = <05200000>
    | |   |   | |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x40
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c3138303000706369313036622c3230303500706369636c6173732c30313830303200414e533200>
    | |   |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x477843
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP17@1b0000/ANS2@0"
    | |   |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <00180000>
    | |   |   | |   "revision-id" = <01000000>
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1043
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |   | |   "pcidebug" = "4:0:0"
    | |   |   | |   "IOName" = "pci106b,2005"
    | |   |   | |   "pci-functions-dependent" = <0100000000000000>
    | |   |   | |   "reg" = <0000040000000000000000000000000000000000100004420000000000000000000000000000400018000442000000000000000000000000000008002000044200000000000000000000000000000100>
    | |   |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IO$
    | |   |   | | }
    | |   |   | | 
    | |   |   | +-o AppleANS2Controller  <class AppleANS2Controller, id 0x1000002ae, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (295 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPolledInterface" = "IONVMeControllerPolledAdapter is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMinimumSaturationByteCount" = 0x800000
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMinimumSegmentAlignmentByteCount" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPCIPauseCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   "IOUnitName" = "disk"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMaximumByteCountWrite" = 0x100000
    | |   |   |   |   "Physical Interconnect" = "PCI-Express"
    | |   |   |   |   "Physical Interconnect Location" = "Internal"
    | |   |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "ANS2"
    | |   |   |   |   "Vendor Name" = "Apple"
    | |   |   |   |   "Serial Number" = "C02101302D2016724"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMaximumSegmentByteCountWrite" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMaximumByteCountRead" = 0x100000
    | |   |   |   |   "Model Number" = "APPLE SSD AP0512N"
    | |   |   |   |   "AppleEffaceableRegistryID" = 0x1000002c2
    | |   |   |   |   "IOCommandPoolSize" = 0x80
    | |   |   |   |   "Chipset Name" = "SSD Controller"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IONVMeFamily"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x3,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   |   |   "Firmware Revision" = "1161.100"
    | |   |   |   |   "NVMe Revision Supported" = "1.10"
    | |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IONVMeFamily"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMaximumSegmentCountWrite" = 0x100
    | |   |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = ("ANS2")
    | |   |   |   |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleANS2Controller"
    | |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IONVMeFamily"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPlatformPanicAction" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMaximumSegmentByteCountRead" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |   |   |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0x4e564d6520507772,0x400020002,"NVMe Power States")),"IOReportGroupName"="NVMe","IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x100007600000001}})
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMaximumSegmentCountRead" = 0x100
    | |   |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "Controller Characteristics" = {"Preferred IO Size"=0x100000,"Encryption Type"="AES-XTS"}
    | |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   +-o IONVMeBlockStorageDevice@1  <class IONVMeBlockStorageDevice, id 0x1000002c4, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (295 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |     | {
    | |   |   |     |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"AA0FA6F9-C2D6-457F-B10B-59A13253292F"="NVMeSMARTLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |     |   "NamespaceUUID" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |     |   "NamespaceID" = 0x1
    | |   |   |     |   "IOUnit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |     |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="NVMe","IOReportChannels"=((0x5469657230204257,0x180000001,"Tier0 BW Scale Factor"),(0x5469657231204257,0x180000001,"Tier1 BW Scale Factor"),(0x5469657232204257,0x180000001,"Tier2 BW Scale Factor"),(0x5469657233204257,0x180000001,"Tier3 BW Scale Factor")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x0},"IOReportSubGroupName"="BW Limits"},{"IOReportGroupName"="NVMe","IOReportChannels"=((0x546f742054696d65,0x180000001,"Total time elapsed"),(0x5469657230202020,0x180000001,"Tier0 T$
    | |   |   |     |   "ThermalThrottlingSupported" = Yes
    | |   |   |     |   "device-type" = "Generic"
    | |   |   |     |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |   |     |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |     |   "Protocol Characteristics" = {"Physical Interconnect"="PCI-Express","Physical Interconnect Location"="Internal"}
    | |   |   |     |   "Device Characteristics" = {"Serial Number"="C02101302D2016724","Medium Type"="Solid State","Product Name"="APPLE SSD AP0512N","Vendor Name"="","Product Revision Level"="1161.100"}
    | |   |   |     |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |     |   "NVMe SMART Capable" = Yes
    | |   |   |     | }
    | |   |   |     | 
    | |   |   |     +-o IOBlockStorageDriver  <class IOBlockStorageDriver, id 0x1000002c5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (295 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |       | {
    | |   |   |       |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"device-type"="Generic"}
    | |   |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOBlockStorageDevice"
    | |   |   |       |   "IOClass" = "IOBlockStorageDriver"
    | |   |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |       |   "Statistics" = {"Operations (Write)"=0xf074,"Latency Time (Write)"=0x0,"Bytes (Read)"=0x1910f5000,"Errors (Write)"=0x0,"Total Time (Read)"=0x6023749d72,"Latency Time (Read)"=0x0,"Retries (Read)"=0x0,"Errors (Read)"=0x0,"Total Time (Write)"=0xfc36b81d0,"Bytes (Write)"=0x73d70000,"Operations (Read)"=0xa8030,"Retries (Write)"=0x0}
    | |   |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |       |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |       | }
    | |   |   |       | 
    | |   |   |       +-o APPLE SSD AP0512N Media  <class IOMedia, id 0x1000002c6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (295 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |         | {
    | |   |   |         |   "Content" = "GUID_partition_scheme"
    | |   |   |         |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |         |   "Whole" = Yes
    | |   |   |         |   "Leaf" = No
    | |   |   |         |   "BSD Name" = "disk0"
    | |   |   |         |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |         |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |         |   "IOMediaIcon" = {"IOBundleResourceFile"="Internal.icns","CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"}
    | |   |   |         |   "BSD Minor" = 0x0
    | |   |   |         |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |         |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |         |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |         |   "Size" = 0x747ae15000
    | |   |   |         |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |         |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |         |   "Content Hint" = ""
    | |   |   |         |   "BSD Unit" = 0x0
    | |   |   |         | }
    | |   |   |         | 
    | |   |   |         +-o IOMediaBSDClient  <class IOMediaBSDClient, id 0x1000002c7, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |         |   {
    | |   |   |         |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |         |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |         |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |         |     "IOClass" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |         |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |         |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |         |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |         |   }
    | |   |   |         |   
    | |   |   |         +-o IOGUIDPartitionScheme  <class IOGUIDPartitionScheme, id 0x1000002c9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (45 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |           | {
    | |   |   |           |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xfa0
    | |   |   |           |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |           |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOStorage"
    | |   |   |           |   "IOClass" = "IOGUIDPartitionScheme"
    | |   |   |           |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"Whole"=Yes}
    | |   |   |           |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |           |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |           |   "UUID" = "0A54DD90-0FFE-436B-BD76-47A3840B3512"
    | |   |   |           |   "Content Mask" = "GUID_partition_scheme"
    | |   |   |           | }
    | |   |   |           | 
    | |   |   |           +-o EFI System Partition@1  <class IOMedia, id 0x100000334, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |           | | {
    | |   |   |           | |   "Open" = No
    | |   |   |           | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |           | |   "Base" = 0x6000
    | |   |   |           | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |           | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |           | |   "Size" = 0x12c00000
    | |   |   |           | |   "Content" = "C12A7328-F81F-11D2-BA4B-00A0C93EC93B"
    | |   |   |           | |   "BSD Minor" = 0x1
    | |   |   |           | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |           | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |           | |   "UUID" = "D8BBA69C-4D2C-472E-84CB-B4F91E27B17F"
    | |   |   |           | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x0
    | |   |   |           | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |           | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |           | |   "BSD Name" = "disk0s1"
    | |   |   |           | |   "Partition ID" = 0x1
    | |   |   |           | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |           | |   "GPT Attributes" = 0x0
    | |   |   |           | |   "Content Hint" = "C12A7328-F81F-11D2-BA4B-00A0C93EC93B"
    | |   |   |           | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |           | | }
    | |   |   |           | | 
    | |   |   |           | +-o IOMediaBSDClient  <class IOMediaBSDClient, id 0x10000033c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |           |     {
    | |   |   |           |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |           |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |           |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |           |       "IOClass" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |           |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |           |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |           |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |           |     }
    | |   |   |           |     
    | |   |   |           +-o Untitled 2@2  <class IOMedia, id 0x100000335, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (45 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |             | {
    | |   |   |             |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |             |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |             |   "Base" = 0x12c06000
    | |   |   |             |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |             |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |             |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |             |   "Content" = "7C3457EF-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |             |   "BSD Minor" = 0x2
    | |   |   |             |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |             |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |             |   "UUID" = "DF8910A8-3EB7-4699-B721-BAD96FB9B918"
    | |   |   |             |   "BSD Unit" = 0x0
    | |   |   |             |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |             |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |             |   "BSD Name" = "disk0s2"
    | |   |   |             |   "Partition ID" = 0x2
    | |   |   |             |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |             |   "GPT Attributes" = 0x0
    | |   |   |             |   "Content Hint" = "7C3457EF-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |             |   "Leaf" = No
    | |   |   |             |   "TierType" = "Main"
    | |   |   |             | }
    | |   |   |             | 
    | |   |   |             +-o IOMediaBSDClient  <class IOMediaBSDClient, id 0x10000033d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |             |   {
    | |   |   |             |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |             |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |             |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |             |     "IOClass" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |             |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |             |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |             |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |             |   }
    | |   |   |             |   
    | |   |   |             +-o AppleAPFSContainerScheme  <class AppleAPFSContainerScheme, id 0x10000033e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (44 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |               | {
    | |   |   |               |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x7d0
    | |   |   |               |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |               |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOStorage"
    | |   |   |               |   "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSContainerScheme"
    | |   |   |               |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |               |   "IOPropertyMatch" = ({"Content Hint"="7C3457EF-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"})
    | |   |   |               |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |               |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |               |   "Statistics" = {"Operations (Read)"=0xa801d,"Bytes (Write)"=0x73d70000,"Operations (Write)"=0xf074,"Bytes (Read)"=0x1910dc000}
    | |   |   |               |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |               |   "APFSComposited" = No
    | |   |   |               | }
    | |   |   |               | 
    | |   |   |               +-o AppleAPFSMedia  <class AppleAPFSMedia, id 0x100000341, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (44 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |                 | {
    | |   |   |                 |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                 |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                 |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                 |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                 |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                 |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                 |   "Content" = "EF57347C-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                 |   "BSD Minor" = 0x3
    | |   |   |                 |   "Whole" = Yes
    | |   |   |                 |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                 |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                 |   "EncryptionBlockSize" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                 |   "UUID" = "17F6EF69-2B4B-47CB-A596-52799AC1532E"
    | |   |   |                 |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                 |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                 |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                 |   "BSD Name" = "disk1"
    | |   |   |                 |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                 |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                 |   "Content Hint" = "EF57347C-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                 |   "Leaf" = No
    | |   |   |                 | }
    | |   |   |                 | 
    | |   |   |                 +-o AppleAPFSMediaBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSMediaBSDClient, id 0x100000342, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                 |   {
    | |   |   |                 |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                 |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                 |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                 |     "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                 |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                 |     "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSMedia"
    | |   |   |                 |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                 |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                 |   }
    | |   |   |                 |   
    | |   |   |                 +-o AppleAPFSContainer  <class AppleAPFSContainer, id 0x10000034a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 15>
    | |   |   |                   | {
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSContainer"
    | |   |   |                   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOPropertyMatch" = ({"Content Hint"="EF57347C-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"})
    | |   |   |                   |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleAPFSUserClient"
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOStorage"
    | |   |   |                   |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of spaceman bitmap bytes read"=0xc67000,"Metadata: Number of write errors"=0x0,"Number of times device's cache flushed"=0x0,"Write burst: Total number of I/Os"=0x21b20,"Write burst: Total time"=0x116967139d,"Bytes read from block device"=0x1454cb000,"Object cache: Number of writes"=0xb8a9,"Object cache: Number of objects processed by partial cache flushes"=0x0,"Read requests sent to block device"=0x5c207,"Metadata: Number of bytes written"=0xb8a9000,"Write burst: Total tim$
    | |   |   |                   |   "UUID" = "17F6EF69-2B4B-47CB-A596-52799AC1532E"
    | |   |   |                   |   "ContainerBlockSize" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |   "IOAPFSPreBootDevice" = ("Preboot@2")
    | |   |   |                   | }
    | |   |   |                   | 
    | |   |   |                   +-o iMac - Data@1  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x10000037f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |                   | | {
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FormattedBy" = "diskmanagementd (1412.141.1)"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "RoleValue" = 0x40
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Locked" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "EncryptionType" = "Default"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s1"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x3378000,"Bytes read from block device"=0xf1972000,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0xef,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0xfe4d0,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x218de,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0x405f8,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0xe22,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0x3cc46,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0x1254f8,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x4e6ac,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x20c1,"Metadata: Number of o$
    | |   |   |                   | |   "UUID" = "5C7B779C-AE93-4DBB-AB1E-ECEA7B866475"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Encrypted" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupMntFromName" = "/dev/disk1s1"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Sealed" = "No"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupUUID" = "5C7B779C-AE93-4DBB-AB1E-ECEA7B866475"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FullName" = "iMac - Data"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Role" = ("Data")
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Minor" = 0x4
    | |   |   |                   | | }
    | |   |   |                   | | 
    | |   |   |                   | +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x100000387, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                   |     {
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   |     }
    | |   |   |                   |     
    | |   |   |                   +-o Preboot@2  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x100000380, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |                   | | {
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "RoleValue" = 0x10
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Sealed" = "No"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FullName" = "Preboot"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Minor" = 0x7
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FormattedBy" = "diskmanagementd (1412.141.1)"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "UUID" = "A2FA2240-4D63-4DDD-A9B0-5250C019C545"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x0,"Bytes read from block device"=0x1000,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0x25,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0xb,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0x5,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0x1,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x1,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x0,"Metadata: Number of objects failed to write"=0x0,"Calls to VN$
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupUUID" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Role" = ("Preboot")
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s2"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "autodiskmount" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | | }
    | |   |   |                   | | 
    | |   |   |                   | +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x100000389, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                   |     {
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   |     }
    | |   |   |                   |     
    | |   |   |                   +-o Recovery@3  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x100000381, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |                   | | {
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Open" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "RoleValue" = 0x4
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Sealed" = "No"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FullName" = "Recovery"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Minor" = 0x6
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FormattedBy" = "diskmanagementd (1412.141.1)"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "UUID" = "2CC06B4C-CAD0-432A-BE04-91AA4989F1E1"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x0,"Bytes read from block device"=0x1000,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0xc,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0x4,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0x6,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0x1,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x1,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x0,"Metadata: Number of objects failed to write"=0x0,"Calls to VNO$
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupUUID" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Role" = ("Recovery")
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s3"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "autodiskmount" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | | }
    | |   |   |                   | | 
    | |   |   |                   | +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x10000038a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |                   |     {
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   |     }
    | |   |   |                   |     
    | |   |   |                   +-o VM@4  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x100000382, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |                   | | {
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "RoleValue" = 0x8
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Sealed" = "No"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FullName" = "VM"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Minor" = 0xb
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FormattedBy" = "apfs_boot_util (1677.120.9)"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "UUID" = "63EB56D8-0AAE-4CF7-930F-DA00835DE49F"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x6000,"Bytes read from block device"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0x21,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0xa,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0x4,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0x0,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x1,"Metadata: Number of objects failed to write"=0x0,"Calls to VN$
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupUUID" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Role" = ("VM")
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s4"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "autodiskmount" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | | }
    | |   |   |                   | | 
    | |   |   |                   | +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x10000038c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                   |     {
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   |     }
    | |   |   |                   |     
    | |   |   |                   +-o iMac@5  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x100000383, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |   |                   | | {
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "RoleValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Sealed" = "Broken"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FullName" = "iMac"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Minor" = 0x9
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FormattedBy" = "storagekitd (1677.120.9)"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "UUID" = "B0A8A27A-816E-404A-8E7A-6E64A3D1495F"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x0,"Bytes read from block device"=0x53b4f000,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0x28d1c3,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x1a1a1,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0x7f470,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0x302a,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0x2c48f,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0xe361c,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x12584,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x0,"Metadata: Number of objects fa$
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupUUID" = "5C7B779C-AE93-4DBB-AB1E-ECEA7B866475"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Role" = ("System")
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s5"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupMntFromName" = "/dev/disk1s5s1"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "autodiskmount" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | | }
    | |   |   |                   | | 
    | |   |   |                   | +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x10000038e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |                   | |   {
    | |   |   |                   | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                   | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   | |     "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   | |     "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                   | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   | |   }
    | |   |   |                   | |   
    | |   |   |                   | +-o com.apple.os.update-5DC2B8AA591ED241EC5D606CA1EC8CA686322F70563020EFC688A81456FCA796@1  <class AppleAPFSSnapshot, id 0x100000398, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |                   |   | {
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Writable" = No
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Sealed" = "Yes"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "FullName" = "com.apple.os.update-5DC2B8AA591ED241EC5D606CA1EC8CA686322F70563020EFC688A81456FCA796"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "BSD Minor" = 0xc
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "FormattedBy" = "storagekitd (1677.120.9)"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "UUID" = "6971781D-1F29-4B4A-B0A0-2C750123A355"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "VolGroupUUID" = "5C7B779C-AE93-4DBB-AB1E-ECEA7B866475"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s5s1"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   |   |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   |   | }
    | |   |   |                   |   | 
    | |   |   |                   |   +-o IOMediaBSDClient  <class IOMediaBSDClient, id 0x100000399, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                   |       {
    | |   |   |                   |         "IOProbeScore" = 0x7530
    | |   |   |                   |         "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |                   |         "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |         "IOClass" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |         "IOProviderClass" = "IOMedia"
    | |   |   |                   |         "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |   |   |                   |         "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   |       }
    | |   |   |                   |       
    | |   |   |                   +-o Update@6  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x100000384, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |                   | | {
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "RoleValue" = 0xc0
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Sealed" = "No"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FullName" = "Update"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Minor" = 0x5
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FormattedBy" = "com.apple.Mobile (1677.120.9)"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "UUID" = "1922865F-489F-49B2-8BDA-0BF8D7A7EE5C"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x7000,"Bytes read from block device"=0x6000,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0x76,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x12,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0x1f,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0x15,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0x2,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x7,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x1,"Metadata: Number of objects failed to write"=0x0,"Calls$
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupUUID" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Role" = ("Update")
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s6"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "autodiskmount" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "OSInternal" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | | }
    | |   |   |                   | | 
    | |   |   |                   | +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x100000391, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                   |     {
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   |     }
    | |   |   |                   |     
    | |   |   |                   +-o StorageSpace@7  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x100000385, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |                   | | {
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "RoleValue" = 0x0
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Sealed" = "No"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FullName" = "StorageSpace"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Encrypted" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | |   "EncryptionType" = "Default"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "FormattedBy" = "diskmanagementd (1677.120.9)"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "UUID" = "2006C660-7752-4E80-A5AE-B18C815290F3"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x2000,"Bytes read from block device"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0x23,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x1,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0x15,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0xb,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0x1,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x1,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x1,"Metadata: Number of objects failed to write"=0x0,"Calls to V$
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "VolGroupUUID" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s7"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                   | |   "BSD Minor" = 0x8
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Locked" = No
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                   | |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                   | | }
    | |   |   |                   | | 
    | |   |   |                   | +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x100000394, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                   |     {
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                   |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                   |     }
    | |   |   |                   |     
    | |   |   |                   +-o StorageSpace@8  <class AppleAPFSVolume, id 0x100000386, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |                     | {
    | |   |   |                     |   "Logical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                     |   "Open" = Yes
    | |   |   |                     |   "Preferred Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                     |   "RoleValue" = 0x0
    | |   |   |                     |   "Writable" = Yes
    | |   |   |                     |   "Sealed" = "No"
    | |   |   |                     |   "IOBusyInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                     |   "FullName" = "StorageSpace"
    | |   |   |                     |   "Size" = 0x746820a000
    | |   |   |                     |   "Content" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                     |   "Encrypted" = Yes
    | |   |   |                     |   "EncryptionType" = "Default"
    | |   |   |                     |   "Whole" = No
    | |   |   |                     |   "FormattedBy" = "diskmanagementd (1677.141.1)"
    | |   |   |                     |   "IOStorageFeatures" = {"Unmap"=Yes,"Priority"=Yes,"Barrier"=Yes}
    | |   |   |                     |   "Removable" = No
    | |   |   |                     |   "UUID" = "4934BB8C-6341-4E68-8D71-90987DD9F05E"
    | |   |   |                     |   "CaseSensitive" = No
    | |   |   |                     |   "Statistics" = {"Metadata: Number of fsroot bytes written"=0x4000,"Bytes read from block device"=0x2000,"Calls to VNOP_ALLOCATE"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_LOOKUP"=0x32,"Calls to VNOP_GETATTRLISTBULK"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_CLOSE"=0xf,"Calls to VNOP_MNOMAP"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_INACTIVE"=0x20,"Calls to VNOP_REMOVENAMEDSTREAM"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_READ"=0x3,"File defrag: Number of failed defrag attempts"=0x0,"Calls to VNOP_BLOCKMAP"=0x5,"Calls to VNOP_CREATE"=0x3,"Metadata: Number of objects failed to write"=0x0,"Calls t$
    | |   |   |                     |   "BSD Unit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                     |   "Ejectable" = No
    | |   |   |                     |   "VolGroupUUID" = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
    | |   |   |                     |   "BSD Name" = "disk1s8"
    | |   |   |                     |   "BSD Major" = 0x1
    | |   |   |                     |   "BSD Minor" = 0xa
    | |   |   |                     |   "Physical Block Size" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |                     |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |                     |   "Locked" = No
    | |   |   |                     |   "Status" = "Online"
    | |   |   |                     |   "Content Hint" = "41504653-0000-11AA-AA11-00306543ECAC"
    | |   |   |                     |   "Leaf" = Yes
    | |   |   |                     | }
    | |   |   |                     | 
    | |   |   |                     +-o AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient  <class AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient, id 0x100000393, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |                         {
    | |   |   |                           "IOProbeScore" = 0x7918
    | |   |   |                           "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                           "IOMatchCategory" = "IOMediaBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                           "IOClass" = "AppleAPFSVolumeBSDClient"
    | |   |   |                           "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                           "IOProviderClass" = "AppleAPFSVolume"
    | |   |   |                           "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.apfs"
    | |   |   |                           "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |                         }
    | |   |   |                         
    | |   |   +-o IOBC@0,1  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000025d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1117 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   | | {
    | |   |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <100104c240000000000040120000000000004000180104c240000000000008130000000000000800200104c240000000000021130000000000000100>
    | |   |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1800000000000100>,<1900000000000100>,<1a00000000000100>,<1b00000000000100>,<1c00000000000100>,<1d00000000000100>,<1e00000000000100>,<1f00000000000100>)
    | |   |   | |   "class-code" = <00000000>
    | |   |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4012400000,"length"=0x400000}),({"address"=0x4013080000,"length"=0x80000}),({"address"=0x4013210000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | |   |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x102
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |   | |   "vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |   | |   "name" = <706369313036622c3138303100>
    | |   |   | |   "device-id" = <01180000>
    | |   |   | |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x2
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x40
    | |   |   | |   "pci-msi-flags" = <0100000000000000>
    | |   |   | |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c3138303100706369636c6173732c30303030303000494f424300>
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x477843
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP17@1b0000/IOBC@1"
    | |   |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <01180000>
    | |   |   | |   "revision-id" = <01000000>
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1043
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |   | |   "pcidebug" = "4:0:1"
    | |   |   | |   "IOName" = "pci106b,1801"
    | |   |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IO$
    | |   |   | |   "reg" = <0001040000000000000000000000000000000000100104420000000000000000000000000000400018010442000000000000000000000000000008002001044200000000000000000000000000000100>
    | |   |   | | }
    | |   |   | | 
    | |   |   | +-o IOBufferCopyController  <class IOBufferCopyController, id 0x1000002af, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1115 ms), retain 33>
    | |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBufferCopyController"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOClass" = "IOBufferCopyController"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBufferCopyController"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPCIMatch" = "0x1801106b"
    | |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBufferCopyController"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOBufferCopyEngineUserClient"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleBCENORFlashDevice  <class AppleBCENORFlashDevice, id 0x1000002ba, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleEffaceableNOR"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleBCENORFlashDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOClass" = "AppleBCENORFlashDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleEffaceableNOR"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOBufferCopyEngine"
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleEffaceableNOR"
    | |   |   |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleEffaceableNOR  <class AppleEffaceableNOR, id 0x1000002c2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   |     {
    | |   |   |   |       "GroupCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |       "UnitsPerGroup" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |       "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleEffaceableStorageUserClient"
    | |   |   |   |       "CopiesPerUnit" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |       "Generation" = 0x29
    | |   |   |   |       "Capacity" = 0xfc0
    | |   |   |   |       "UnitSize" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |   |       "VersionMajor" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |       "GroupIndex" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |       "VersionMinor" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |       "CopySize" = 0x1000
    | |   |   |   |       "IsFormatted" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   |     }
    | |   |   |   |     
    | |   |   |   +-o AppleUSBVHCIBCE@80000000  <class AppleUSBVHCIBCE, id 0x1000002bb, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (848 ms), retain 82>
    | |   |   |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSBVHCIBCE"
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCIBCE"
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOBufferCopyEngine"
    | |   |   |   | |   "kUSBSleepSupported" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80000000
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleUSBVHCI"
    | |   |   |   | |   "controller-statistics" = {"kControllerStatIOCount"=0x1581,"kControllerStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339668ms (99%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="45ms (0%)"},"kControllerStatSpuriousInterruptCount"=0x2c}
    | |   |   |   | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCIBCE"
    | |   |   |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBVHCIBCE"
    | |   |   |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80100000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x10000039a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (297 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |   |   | | | {
    | |   |   |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80100000
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339605ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-status" = 0x1302
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port" = <01000000>
    | |   |   |   | | | }
    | |   |   |   | | | 
    | |   |   |   | | +-o Apple T2 Controller@80100000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x1000003ad, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (297 ms), retain 33>
    | |   |   |   | |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "0000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Serial Number" = "0000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "Apple T2 Controller"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003bd
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Product Name" = "Apple T2 Controller"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idProduct" = 0x8233
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "sessionID" = 0x3fa26b20
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Address" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80100000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   |   |   | |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x1000003be, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBCDCCompositeDevice  <class AppleUSBCDCCompositeDevice, id 0x1000003c6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xea60
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.cdc"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBCDCCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.cdc"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "kUSBPreferredConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o NCM Control@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x1000003cf, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (27 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |   | |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "iInterface" = 0x7
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003ef
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idProduct" = 0x8233
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Interface Name" = "NCM Control"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Product Name" = "Apple T2 Controller"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80100000
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0xd
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "kUSBString" = "NCM Control"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Serial Number" = "0000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | |   | +-o AppleUSBNCMControl  <class AppleUSBNCMControl, id 0x1000003f2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |   | |   |     {
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOProbeScore" = 0xe678
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.ncm"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOClass" = "AppleUSBNCMControl"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.ncm"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0xd
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = "*"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     }
    | |   |   |   | |   |     
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o NCM Data@1  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x1000003d6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (229 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |     | {
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "iInterface" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003f1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idProduct" = 0x8233
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Interface Name" = "NCM Data"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Product Name" = "Apple T2 Controller"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80100000
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "Product Name" = "Apple T2 Controller"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0xa
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "kUSBString" = "NCM Data"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Serial Number" = "0000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |     | }
    | |   |   |   | |     | 
    | |   |   |   | |     +-o AppleUSBNCMData  <class AppleUSBNCMData, id 0x1000003f3, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |   |   | |       | {
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DatagramOutputCountCalculatedMax" = 0x7
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "waitBsdStart" = 0x552
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "waitBsdSuccess" = 0xf4a
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "InputRecordCount" = 0x5
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMaxPacketSize" = 0x5ee
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x133,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IORevision" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMinPacketSize" = 0x40
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "OutputSizeMax" = 0x2f70
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOModel" = "iBridge"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "OutputSize" = 0x2f70
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "HiddenInterface" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMediumDictionary" = {"00000020"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x20,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x0},"00100023"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x100023,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x989680},"00100026"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x100026,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x5f5e100},"00000022"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x22,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x0},"00100030"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x100030,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x3b9aca00}}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "InputSize" = 0x3000
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "idProduct" = 0x8233
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "AVBControllerState" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOLinkSpeed" = 0x5f5e100
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "InputSizeMax" = 0x2f70
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.ncm"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DatagramSizeMax" = 0x5ea
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Product Name" = "iBridge"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOSelectedMedium" = "00000020"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DatagramOutputCountMax" = 0x8
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOVendor" = "USB NCM"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOFeatures" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSBNCMData"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.cdc.ncm"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOLinkStatus" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOActiveMedium" = "00100026"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "NetworkInterfaceFlags" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMACAddress" = <acde48001122>
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xea60
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "OutputRecordCount" = 0x5
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0xa
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DatagramOutputCount" = 0x7
    | |   |   |   | |       | }
    | |   |   |   | |       | 
    | |   |   |   | |       +-o en4  <class IOEthernetInterface, id 0x10000041f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |   | |         | {
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOLocation" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IORequiredPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x13,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "BSD Name" = "en4"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOMaxTransferUnit" = 0x5dc
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOInterfaceFlags" = 0x8863
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOInterfaceType" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOMediaAddressLength" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOInterfaceState" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOMediaHeaderLength" = 0xe
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOActivePacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x13,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOInterfaceExtraFlags" = 0x21000080
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOPrimaryInterface" = No
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOControllerEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOInterfaceUnit" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOInterfaceNamePrefix" = "en"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOBuiltin" = No
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IONetworkData" = {"IONetworkStatsKey"={"Size"=0x14,"Data"=<9f09000000000000c00b00006e06000000000000>,"Access Types"=0x9},"IOEthernetStatsKey"={"Size"=0xd8,"Data"=<000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |   |   | |         | }
    | |   |   |   | |         | 
    | |   |   |   | |         +-o IONetworkStack  <class IONetworkStack, id 0x10000032c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |   |   | |           | {
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOClass" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IONetworkStackUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |   |   | |           | }
    | |   |   |   | |           | 
    | |   |   |   | |           +-o IONetworkStackUserClient  <class IONetworkStackUserClient, id 0x10000046c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |   |   | |               {
    | |   |   |   | |                 "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 84, configd"
    | |   |   |   | |                 "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |               }
    | |   |   |   | |               
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80200000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x10000039b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (56 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |   |   | | | {
    | |   |   |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80200000
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339574ms (99%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="11ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-status" = 0x1302
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port" = <02000000>
    | |   |   |   | | | }
    | |   |   |   | | | 
    | |   |   |   | | +-o FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)@80200000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x1000003b1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (56 ms), retain 33>
    | |   |   |   | |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "00000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0xef
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Serial Number" = "00000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003cc
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Product Name" = "FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idProduct" = 0x8514
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "sessionID" = 0x40d1c85f
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Address" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80200000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   |   |   | |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x1000003cd, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice  <class AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice, id 0x1000003d7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xea60
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "kUSBPreferredConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceClass" = 0xef
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x1000003d9, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   | |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003ee
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idProduct" = 0x8514
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Product Name" = "FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80200000
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0xe
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Serial Number" = "00000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | |   | +-o VDCAssistant  <class AppleUSBHostInterfaceUserClient, id 0x1000006b2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |   |     {
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |     }
    | |   |   |   | |   |     
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o IOUSBHostInterface@1  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x1000003e2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   | |   | | {
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003f0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idProduct" = 0x8514
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Product Name" = "FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80200000
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0xe
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "USB Serial Number" = "00000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |   | | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | | 
    | |   |   |   | |   | +-o VDCAssistant  <class AppleUSBHostInterfaceUserClient, id 0x1000006b3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |   |     {
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | |   |   |   | |   |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |     }
    | |   |   |   | |   |     
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o VDCAssistant  <class AppleUSBHostDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000006b1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |       {
    | |   |   |   | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | |   |   |   | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       }
    | |   |   |   | |       
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80300000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x10000039c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (580 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |   |   | | | {
    | |   |   |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80300000
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339607ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-status" = 0x1302
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port" = <03000000>
    | |   |   |   | | | }
    | |   |   |   | | | 
    | |   |   |   | | +-o Ambient Light Sensor@80300000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x1000003af, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (580 ms), retain 25>
    | |   |   |   | |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Serial Number" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "Ambient Light Sensor"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003c3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Product Name" = "Ambient Light Sensor"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idProduct" = 0x8262
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "sessionID" = 0x3fa27284
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Address" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80300000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   |   |   | |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x1000003c4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice  <class AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice, id 0x1000003d1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "kUSBPreferredConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o HID Relay@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x1000003d5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (525 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |     | {
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "iInterface" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003ed
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idProduct" = 0x8262
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Interface Name" = "HID Relay"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Product Name" = "Ambient Light Sensor"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80300000
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "kUSBString" = "HID Relay"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Serial Number" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |     | }
    | |   |   |   | |     | 
    | |   |   |   | |     +-o AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice  <class AppleUserHIDDevice, id 0x100000528, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (5 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |   |   | |       | {
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x20
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x12
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDLibUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "VersionNumber" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "VendorID" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "ReportDescriptor" = <05200941a101850105200a16031501250275089501a1020a40080a4108b100c00a0e0316c80026102775109501b1020a09031501250175089501a1020a3008b100c00a19031501250475089501a1020a50080a51080a52080a5508b100c00a180316018026ff7f7510950a5500b1020a01021501250775089501a1020a00080a01080a02080a03080a04080a05080a0608b100c00a0403150026102775109501b1020ad1e4550e150026102775209501b1420ad114550d15002700e1f50575209501b1420ad31455003500450115002700e1f50575209501b14205200a0202350045001501250175089501a1020a11080a13088100c00ad$
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DebugState" = {"SetReportTime"=0x21f0fd917b1,"GetReportTime"=0x21ccb0b24f7,"InputReportCount"=0x29,"SetReportCount"=0x7,"GetReportCount"=0x28,"InputReportTime"=0x21ccae5a15e}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "BootProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x29
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Product" = "Ambient Light Sensor"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "SerialNumber" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Elements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x1,"CollectionType"=0x1,"Type"=0x201,"VariableSize"=0x0,"Elements"=({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x2,"CollectionType"=0x2,"Type"=0x201,"VariableSize"=0x0,"Elements"=({"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0x20,"Max"=0x2,"IsArray"=Yes,"Type"=0x101,"Size"=0x8,"Min"=0x1,"Flags"=0x0,"ReportID"=0x1,"Usage"=0xffffffffffffffff,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Unit"=0x0,"HasNullState"=No,"ReportSize"=0x8,"HasPreferredState"=Yes,"IsNonLinear"=No,"ScaledMin"=$
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.device"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Manufacturer" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "ProductID" = 0x8262
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x20,"DeviceUsage"=0x41})
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "InputReportElements" = ({"ReportID"=0x1,"ElementCookie"=0x2a,"Size"=0x90,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Type"=0x1,"VariableSize"=0x0,"UsagePage"=0x0,"ReportSize"=0x90,"Usage"=0x0})
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOProbeScore"=0x3e8,"CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","HIDDefaultBehavior"="","bInterfaceClass"=0x3,"CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","IOUserClass"="AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice","IOProviderClass"="IOUSBHostInterface","bInterfaceSubClass"=0x0,"IOClass"="AppleUserHIDDevice","IOUserServerName"="com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","40A57A4E-26A0-11D8-9295-000A958A2C78"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "LocationID" = 0xffffffff80300000
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x41
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "RequestTimeout" = 0x4c4b40
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xc738
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       | }
    | |   |   |   | |       | 
    | |   |   |   | |       +-o IOHIDInterface  <class IOHIDInterface, id 0x1000005aa, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (4 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |   | |       | | {
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "BootProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "Manufacturer" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "Product" = "Ambient Light Sensor"
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x12
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x20,"DeviceUsage"=0x41})
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "ReportDescriptor" = <05200941a101850105200a16031501250275089501a1020a40080a4108b100c00a0e0316c80026102775109501b1020a09031501250175089501a1020a3008b100c00a19031501250475089501a1020a50080a51080a52080a5508b100c00a180316018026ff7f7510950a5500b1020a01021501250775089501a1020a00080a01080a02080a03080a04080a05080a0608b100c00a0403150026102775109501b1020ad1e4550e150026102775209501b1420ad114550d15002700e1f50575209501b1420ad31455003500450115002700e1f50575209501b14205200a0202350045001501250175089501a1020a11080a13088100c00$
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "VendorID" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "VersionNumber" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.hid","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x41
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "LocationID" = 0xffffffff80300000
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "ProductID" = 0x8262
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "SerialNumber" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x20
    | |   |   |   | |       | |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x29
    | |   |   |   | |       | | }
    | |   |   |   | |       | | 
    | |   |   |   | |       | +-o AppleUSBALSService  <class AppleUSBALSService, id 0x1000005b1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |   |   | |       |     {
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"0516B563-B15B-11DA-96EB-0014519758EF"="AppleHIDALSService.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleHIDALS.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHIDALSService"
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "IOClass" = "AppleUSBALSService"
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOHIDInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "VendorID" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x1838
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "PrimaryUsage" = 0x41
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x20,"DeviceUsage"=0x41})
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "ProductID" = 0x8262
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHIDALSService"
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0x20
    | |   |   |   | |       |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHIDALSService"
    | |   |   |   | |       |     }
    | |   |   |   | |       |     
    | |   |   |   | |       +-o IOHIDLibUserClient  <class IOHIDLibUserClient, id 0x1000005d3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |           {
    | |   |   |   | |             "DebugState" = {"MaxEnqueueReportSize"=0x2000,"EventQueueMap"=({"entrySize"=0x0,"QueueSize"=0x4000,"EnqueueErrorCount"=0x0,"head"=0x150,"UsagePercentHist"={"100"=0x0,"60"=0x0,"50"=0x0,"0"=0x2,"40"=0x0,"30"=0x0,"90"=0x0,"20"=0x0,"80"=0x0,"10"=0x0,"70"=0x0},"tail"=0x150,"numEntries"=0x0}),"ClientOpened"=Yes,"Privileged"=Yes}
    | |   |   |   | |             "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |   |   | |             "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |           }
    | |   |   |   | |           
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80400000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x10000039d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (580 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |   |   | | | {
    | |   |   |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="2339592ms (100%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x1,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port-status" = 0x1302
    | |   |   |   | | |   "port" = <04000000>
    | |   |   |   | | | }
    | |   |   |   | | | 
    | |   |   |   | | +-o Headset@80400000  <class IOUSBHostDevice, id 0x1000003ab, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (580 ms), retain 25>
    | |   |   |   | |   | {
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Serial Number" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003b8
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Product Name" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "idProduct" = 0x8103
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x219
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "sessionID" = 0x3f64b5f8
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USB Address" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "kUSBAddress" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   |   |   | |   | }
    | |   |   |   | |   | 
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostLegacyClient  <class AppleUSBHostLegacyClient, id 0x1000003b9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 8>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice  <class AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice, id 0x1000003cb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   |   |   | |   |   {
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xc350
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBHostCompositeDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "kUSBPreferredConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |   |     "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |   |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   |   
    | |   |   |   | |   +-o HID Relay@0  <class IOUSBHostInterface, id 0x1000003d0, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (535 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |     | {
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBSpeed" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "iInterface" = 0x6
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceLegacyMatchingRegistryID" = 0x1000003d8
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idProduct" = 0x8103
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bcdDevice" = 0x219
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Interface Name" = "HID Relay"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Product Name" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USBPortType" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "kUSBString" = "HID Relay"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.usb","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "USB Serial Number" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |     | }
    | |   |   |   | |     | 
    | |   |   |   | |     +-o AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice  <class AppleUserHIDDevice, id 0x100000547, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (16 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |   |   | |       | {
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDLibUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "VersionNumber" = 0x219
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "VendorID" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "ReportDescriptor" = <050c0901a101050c09cd09ea09e91500250195037501810295058105c0>
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DebugState" = {}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DeviceTypeHint" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "BootProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Product" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "SerialNumber" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Elements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x1,"CollectionType"=0x1,"Type"=0x201,"VariableSize"=0x0,"Elements"=({"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsagePage"=0xc,"Max"=0x1,"IsArray"=No,"Type"=0x2,"Size"=0x1,"Min"=0x0,"Flags"=0x2,"ReportID"=0x0,"Usage"=0xcd,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Unit"=0x0,"HasNullState"=No,"ReportSize"=0x1,"HasPreferredState"=Yes,"IsNonLinear"=No,"ScaledMin"=0x0,"IsWrapping"=No,"ScaledMax"=0x1,"ElementCookie"=0x4},{"VariableSize"=0x0,"UnitExponent"=0x0,"IsRelative"=No,"UsageP$
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.device"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "Manufacturer" = "Apple"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "ProductID" = 0x8103
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "InputReportElements" = ({"ReportID"=0x0,"ElementCookie"=0x7,"Size"=0x8,"ReportCount"=0x1,"Type"=0x1,"VariableSize"=0x0,"UsagePage"=0x0,"ReportSize"=0x8,"Usage"=0x0})
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOProbeScore"=0x3e8,"CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","HIDDefaultBehavior"="","bInterfaceClass"=0x3,"CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","IOUserClass"="AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice","IOProviderClass"="IOUSBHostInterface","bInterfaceSubClass"=0x0,"IOClass"="AppleUserHIDDevice","IOUserServerName"="com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","40A57A4E-26A0-11D8-9295-000A958A2C78"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOUSBHostInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "LocationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDDevice"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "RequestTimeout" = 0x4c4b40
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xc738
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   | |       |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |       | }
    | |   |   |   | |       | 
    | |   |   |   | |       +-o IOHIDInterface  <class IOHIDInterface, id 0x1000005a2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (15 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   |   | |         | {
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "BootProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "Manufacturer" = "Apple"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "Product" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "MaxInputReportSize" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "MaxOutputReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "ReportDescriptor" = <050c0901a101050c09cd09ea09e91500250195037501810295058105c0>
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "VendorID" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "VersionNumber" = 0x219
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.hid","com.apple.developer.driverkit.builtin"))
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "IODEXTMatchCount" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "LocationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "ProductID" = 0x8103
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "SerialNumber" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |         |   "MaxFeatureReportSize" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |         | }
    | |   |   |   | |         | 
    | |   |   |   | |         +-o AppleUserHIDEventDriver  <class AppleUserHIDEventService, id 0x1000005af, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |   |   | |           | {
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDEventServiceUserClient"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "VersionNumber" = 0x219
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "VendorID" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "DeviceTypeHint" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Product" = "Headset"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "SerialNumber" = "000000000000"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Transport" = "USB"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = "com.apple.developer.driverkit.family.hid.eventservice"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "Manufacturer" = "Apple"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOUserServerCDHash" = "331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "ProductID" = 0x8103
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "RegisterService" = No
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "ReportInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "VendorIDSource" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOMatchedPersonality" = {"IOProbeScore"=0x1,"CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers","IOUserServerCDHash"="331a765ac10d4de93c2a20e036d54fec1c8684ad","IOClass"="AppleUserHIDEventService","IOProviderClass"="IOHIDInterface","CFBundleIdentifierKernel"="com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily","IOUserClass"="AppleUserHIDEventDriver","DeviceUsagePairs"=({"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x1},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x2},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"=0x6},{"DeviceUsagePage"=0x1,"DeviceUsage"$
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "HIDEventServiceProperties" = {"HIDMouseKeysOptionToggles"=0x0,"JitterNoClick"=0x1,"ActuateDetents"=0x1,"Dragging"=0x0,"PressCountTriplePressTimeout"=0xf4240,"HIDSlowKeysDelay"=0x0,"JitterNoMove"=0x1,"FlipLeftAndRightEdgeGestures"=No,"HIDTrackpadScrollAcceleration"=0x5000,"HIDInitialKeyRepeat"=0x1dcd6500,"TrackpadThreeFingerHorizSwipeGesture"=0x2,"TrackpadThreeFingerDrag"=No,"MTGestureConfiguration"={"Version"=0x1,"Behaviors"=({"BehaviorID"=0x5})},"HIDPointerAcceleration"=0xb000,"UserPreferences"=Yes,"HIDDef$
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleUserHIDDrivers"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOHIDInterface"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOUserClass" = "AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "LocationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOClass" = "AppleUserHIDEventService"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "StandardType" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x47f
    | |   |   |   | |           |   "HIDDKStart" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |           | }
    | |   |   |   | |           | 
    | |   |   |   | |           +-o IOHIDEventServiceUserClient  <class IOHIDEventServiceUserClient, id 0x1000005d7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |   | |               {
    | |   |   |   | |                 "DebugState" = {"EventQueue"={"NoFullMsg"=0x0,"tail"=0x0,"NotificationForce"=0x0,"NotificationCount"=0x0,"head"=0x0}}
    | |   |   |   | |                 "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |   |   |   | |                 "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |   | |               }
    | |   |   |   | |               
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80500000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x10000039e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0xffffffff80500000
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="22ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="2339569ms (99%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <05000000>
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80600000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x10000039f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0xffffffff80600000
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="88ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="2339509ms (99%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <06000000>
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80700000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x1000003a0, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   | |   {
    | |   |   |   | |     "locationID" = 0xffffffff80700000
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="9ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="2339586ms (99%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"kP$
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   | |     "port-status" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   | |     "port" = <07000000>
    | |   |   |   | |   }
    | |   |   |   | |   
    | |   |   |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIPort@80800000  <class AppleUSBVHCIPort, id 0x1000003a1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   |   |     {
    | |   |   |   |       "locationID" = 0xffffffff80800000
    | |   |   |   |       "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="93ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="2339495ms (99%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=0x0,"k$
    | |   |   |   |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   |   |       "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   |       "port-status" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   |       "port" = <08000000>
    | |   |   |   |     }
    | |   |   |   |     
    | |   |   |   +-o com_apple_AVEBridge  <class com_apple_AVEBridge, id 0x100000536, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |   |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleAVEBridge"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_AVEBridge"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOClass" = "com_apple_AVEBridge"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleAVEBridge"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOAVEHEVCEncode" = "1"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOBufferCopyEngine"
    | |   |   |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleAVEBridge"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOUserClientClass" = "com_apple_AVEBridgeUserClient"
    | |   |   |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   |   
    | |   |   |   +-o BridgeAudioCommunicationService  <class BridgeAudioCommunicationService, id 0x100000537, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   |     | {
    | |   |   |     |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.BridgeAudioCommunication"
    | |   |   |     |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOBufferCopyEngine"
    | |   |   |     |   "IOClass" = "BridgeAudioCommunicationService"
    | |   |   |     |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.BridgeAudioCommunication"
    | |   |   |     |   "IOKitDebug" = 0xffff
    | |   |   |     |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.BridgeAudioCommunication"
    | |   |   |     |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |     |   "IOUserClientClass" = "BridgeAudioCommunicationUserClient"
    | |   |   |     | }
    | |   |   |     | 
    | |   |   |     +-o BridgeAudioCommunicationUserClient  <class BridgeAudioCommunicationUserClient, id 0x100000574, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   |         {
    | |   |   |           "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 252, coreaudiod"
    | |   |   |           "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   |         }
    | |   |   |         
    | |   |   +-o SEPM@0,2  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000025e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |   | | {
    | |   |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <100204c240000000000080120000000000004000180204c240000000000010130000000000000800200204c240000000000022130000000000000100>
    | |   |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<2000000000000100>,<2100000000000100>,<2200000000000100>,<2300000000000100>,<2400000000000100>,<2500000000000100>,<2600000000000100>,<2700000000000100>)
    | |   |   | |   "class-code" = <00000000>
    | |   |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4012800000,"length"=0x400000}),({"address"=0x4013100000,"length"=0x80000}),({"address"=0x4013220000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | |   |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x102
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |   | |   "vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |   | |   "name" = <706369313036622c3138303200>
    | |   |   | |   "device-id" = <02180000>
    | |   |   | |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x3
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x40
    | |   |   | |   "pci-msi-flags" = <0100000000000000>
    | |   |   | |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c3138303200706369636c6173732c303030303030005345504d00>
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x477843
    | |   |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP17@1b0000/SEPM@2"
    | |   |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <02180000>
    | |   |   | |   "revision-id" = <01000000>
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1043
    | |   |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |   | |   "pcidebug" = "4:0:2"
    | |   |   | |   "IOName" = "pci106b,1802"
    | |   |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IO$
    | |   |   | |   "reg" = <0002040000000000000000000000000000000000100204420000000000000000000000000000400018020442000000000000000000000000000008002002044200000000000000000000000000000100>
    | |   |   | | }
    | |   |   | | 
    | |   |   | +-o AppleSEPIntelIOP  <class AppleSEPIntelIOP, id 0x1000002b1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSEPManager"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleSEPIntelIOP"
    | |   |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSEPManager"
    | |   |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = "SEPM"
    | |   |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "SEPM"
    | |   |   |   | }
    | |   |   |   | 
    | |   |   |   +-o iop-nub,sep  <class AppleSEPIntelIOPNub, id 0x1000002b5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |     | {
    | |   |   |     | }
    | |   |   |     | 
    | |   |   |     +-o AppleSEPManager  <class AppleSEPManager, id 0x1000002b6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |   |         {
    | |   |   |           "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   |           "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSEPManager"
    | |   |   |           "IOProviderClass" = "AppleSEPIntelIOPNub"
    | |   |   |           "IOClass" = "AppleSEPManager"
    | |   |   |           "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |           "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSEPManager"
    | |   |   |           "IONameMatch" = "iop-nub,sep"
    | |   |   |           "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleSEPUserClient"
    | |   |   |           "IONameMatched" = "iop-nub,sep"
    | |   |   |           "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |         }
    | |   |   |         
    | |   |   +-o ADIO@0,3  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000025f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (49 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "assigned-addresses" = <100304c2400000000000c0120000000000004000180304c240000000000018130000000000000800200304c240000000000023130000000000000100>
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0900000000000100>)
    | |   |     |   "class-code" = <00010400>
    | |   |     |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4012c00000,"length"=0x400000}),({"address"=0x4013180000,"length"=0x80000}),({"address"=0x4013230000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | |   |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |     |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |     |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x102
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |     |   "vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |     |   "name" = <706369313036622c3138303300>
    | |   |     |   "device-id" = <03180000>
    | |   |     |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x4
    | |   |     |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x40
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c3138386200706369313036622c3138303300706369636c6173732c303430313030004144494f00>
    | |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x477843
    | |   |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP17@1b0000/ADIO@3"
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-id" = <8b180000>
    | |   |     |   "revision-id" = <01000000>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1043
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |     |   "pcidebug" = "4:0:3"
    | |   |     |   "IOName" = "pci106b,1803"
    | |   |     |   "reg" = <0003040000000000000000000000000000000000100304420000000000000000000000000000400018030442000000000000000000000000000008002003044200000000000000000000000000000100>
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o BridgeAudioControllerPCI  <class BridgeAudioControllerPCI, id 0x100000508, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       | {
    | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "BridgeAudioControllerPCI"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBridgeAudioController"
    | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |       |   "IOUserClientClass" = "BridgeAudioControllerUserClient"
    | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatch" = "ADIO"
    | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatched" = "ADIO"
    | |   |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBridgeAudioController"
    | |   |       |   "IOKitDebug" = 0xffff
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBridgeAudioController"
    | |   |       | }
    | |   |       | 
    | |   |       +-o BridgeAudioControllerUserClient  <class BridgeAudioControllerUserClient, id 0x10000054d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |           {
    | |   |             "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 252, coreaudiod"
    | |   |             "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |           }
    | |   |           
    | |   +-o RP01@1C  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000218, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3216 ms), retain 11>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x40
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   | |   "reg-ltrovr" = <0004000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <b8060000>
    | |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0xa0
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c36623800706369636c6173732c303630343030005250303100>
    | |   | |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000000810000008200000000000000810000000000005000000000c20000000000000000000000c2000000000000000000000000000000000000008100000000000000000000008100000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x1724c12
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP01@1c0000"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <f0000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x7011
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x142
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:28:0(5:5)"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00e0000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0x4b200
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002cf, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3212 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o ARPT@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000219, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3212 ms), retain 15>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |     |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.tx.ring.size" = 0x200
    | |   |     |   "bcom.roam.profiles" = <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$
    | |   |     |   "wlan.awdl.params" = <0000000000000000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.tethering.enabled" = <01000000>
    | |   |     |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x81400000,"length"=0x8000}),({"address"=0x81000000,"length"=0x400000}))
    | |   |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP01@1c0000/ARPT@0"
    | |   |     |   "wlan.listen.interval" = <0a000000>
    | |   |     |   "local-mac-address" = <88665a00bfee>
    | |   |     |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x102
    | |   |     |   "reg" = <000005000000000000000000000000000000000010000502000000000000000000000000008000001800050200000000000000000000000000004000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.enhancedlocale.enabled" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x48
    | |   |     |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IO$
    | |   |     |   "bcom.btc.params" = <060000000f00000008000000c8af000009000000983a00000a000000204e0000>
    | |   |     |   "IOName" = "pci14e4,4464"
    | |   |     |   "wlan.autocountry.enabled" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.bss.5GHz-preference" = <bfff1e00>
    | |   |     |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x46dc11
    | |   |     |   "wlan.wnm.enabled" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.fast_enterprise_nw.enabled" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "bcom.ps.realtime" = <0300c80000000100a00f0000>
    | |   |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |     |   "RWCV" = <58300000>
    | |   |     |   "bcom.wow.magic-packet" = No
    | |   |     |   "bcom.roam.default" = <01005a001e00070002000000b5ff1400b5ff0a00>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.dfsproxy.enabled" = <0000000000000000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.vo.blockack" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "class-code" = <00800200>
    | |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "wlan.ocl.enabled" = <>
    | |   |     |   "name" = <706369313465342c3434363400>
    | |   |     |   "WiFiCapability" = {"awdl"=Yes,"ranging"=Yes}
    | |   |     |   "module-instance" = "kure"
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<0b00000000000100>)
    | |   |     |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "Chip provisioning data" = {"checksum:valid"=<01>,"SROM:signature"=<110c>,"SKU"=<5830>,"macaddress"=<88665a00bfee>,"checksum:value"=<9f>,"SROM:version"=<0f>,"svid"=<106b>,"SROM"=<0f380038bf076b101c027e1b008a0000000000000000000054413c21644103325f180596289fb6798080030c00404032005ff475908000ee008408f00b00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006444008002000000f53f001800000000000000000000000000000000000000000c116688005aeebfa000101530580000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff424c4f428c00000083e19ade010000$
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <706369313036622c37626600706369313465342c3434363400706369636c6173732c303238303030004152505400>
    | |   |     |   "revision-id" = <04000000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.enhancedTrgDisc" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.rx.ring.size" = 0x200
    | |   |     |   "SROM" = <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$
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <6b100000>
    | |   |     |   "assigned-addresses" = <10000582000000000000408100000000008000001800058200000000000000810000000000004000>
    | |   |     |   "device-id" = <64440000>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1011
    | |   |     |   "wlan.sdb.profile" = <>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.mimo_ps.enabled" = <>
    | |   |     |   "bcom.roam.enterprise" = <01005a001e00070002000000baff0c00baff0c00>
    | |   |     |   "pcidebug" = "5:0:0"
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |     |   "bcom.ps.default" = <0300c80000000100a00f0000>
    | |   |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-id" = <bf070000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.dfrts" = <>
    | |   |     |   "vendor-id" = <e4140000>
    | |   |     |   "acpi-wake-type" = 0x2
    | |   |     |   "wlan.voice_enterprise_nw.enabled" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "wlan.llw.tx.ring.size" = 0x200
    | |   |     |   "bcom.roam.enabledenhanced" = <01000000>
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe  <class AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe, id 0x1000002e1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3208 ms), retain 35>
    | |   |       | {
    | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe"
    | |   |       |   "TruePowerOff" = Yes
    | |   |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIeMac"
    | |   |       |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8002,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |       |   "OTP" = <151d08000000733d4233004d3d4852504e206d3d372e37202020563d7500ff80ff830f060000000000000b060000000000000e06000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |       |   "wifi-antenna-sku-info" = <01000000000000005830000000000000>
    | |   |       |   "module-instance" = "kure"
    | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       |   "vendor-id" = "USI"
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatch" = ("pci14e4,4464","pci14e4,43dc")
    | |   |       |   "IOPCIUseDeviceMapper" = Yes
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIeMac"
    | |   |       |   "ChipOTP" = <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$
    | |   |       |   "HWIdentifiers" = {"V"="u","M"="HRPN","C"=0x110c,"s"="B3","P"="kure","m"="7.7"}
    | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIeMac"
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatched" = "pci14e4,4464"
    | |   |       |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe","IOReportChannels"=((0x507772537465,0xe00020002,"Power States")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x100007900000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Power States"},{"IOReportGroupName"="AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe","IOReportChannels"=((0x44532054494d4520,0x2b00020003,"        Deep Sleep Exit Delay")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelConfig"=<01000000000000000100000001000000050000000000000001000000010000000a0000000000000001000000010000001900$
    | |   |       | }
    | |   |       | 
    | |   |       +-o CCLogPipe  <class CCLogPipe, id 0x1000002e2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 20>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "LogDataType" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |   "IOClass" = "CCLogPipe"
    | |   |       | |   "Filename" = "AppleBCMWLAN_Logs"
    | |   |       | |   "LogType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Name" = "DriverLogs"
    | |   |       | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   "LogIdentifier" = "wlan0"
    | |   |       | |   "PipeSize" = 0x200000
    | |   |       | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0xccccc
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe DriverLogs"})
    | |   |       | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreV3.0"
    | |   |       | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x18670c52000,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | |   "PipeType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "FileSize" = 0x1000000
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000002e4, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 50>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x5
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "loggerstream"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = "wlan0"
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x2047b81
    | |   |       | |     "NamedFlags" = {"60"="-","47"="-","54"="-","61"="-","48"="-","55"="-","62"="-","49"="-","56"="-","63"="-","57"="-","58"="-","0"="WlanLogDevIf","59"="-","1"="WlanLogIrq","2"="WlanLogCmds","3"="WlanLogPkts","4"="WlanLogEvents","5"="WlanLogPwr","6"="WlanLogScans","7"="WlanLogInit","10"="WLanLogProximity","8"="WlanLogJoins","9"="WlanLogNet","11"="WlanLogSecurity","12"="WlanLogDongle","13"="WlanLogMMIO","20"="WlanLogGAS","14"="WlanLogRoams","21"="WlanLogIO","15"="WlanLogBeacons","22"="WlanLogChipMsgs","16"="WlanLogStack","$
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x10000045d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x5
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = "io80211"
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "IO80211Logger"
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004ec, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x5
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = "io80211"
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "IO80211Logger_ap1"
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004fb, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |     {
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       |       "Id" = 0x4
    | |   |       |       "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x5
    | |   |       |       "ConsoleLevel" = 0x3
    | |   |       |       "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       |       "LogIdentifier" = "io80211"
    | |   |       |       "Name" = "IO80211Logger_awdl0"
    | |   |       |       "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       "MiscInfo" = 0x0
    | |   |       |     }
    | |   |       |     
    | |   |       +-o CCLogPipe  <class CCLogPipe, id 0x1000002e5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 71>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "LogDataType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOClass" = "CCLogPipe"
    | |   |       | |   "Filename" = "AppleBCMWLAN_Datapath"
    | |   |       | |   "LogType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Name" = "DatapathEvents"
    | |   |       | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |   "PipeSize" = 0x200000
    | |   |       | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0xccccc
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe DatapathEvents"})
    | |   |       | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreV3.0"
    | |   |       | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x12c71eb16,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | |   "PipeType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "FileSize" = 0x2800000
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000002e8, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <080000000000a5a5>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "requestiotxpcie"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x7
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000002e9, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <090000000000a5a5>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "rxpacketpcie"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000002ea, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <070000000000a5a5>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "driverstatepcie"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000354, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <030000000000a5a5>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "commander"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x4
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000358, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <020000000000a5a5>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "events"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x5
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x10000045f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0100000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "networkfamilystack"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x6
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000460, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0200000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "interfacequeue"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x7
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000461, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0300000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "peerqueue"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x8
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000462, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0400000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "peerinput"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x9
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000463, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0500000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "bpf_tap_in"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0xa
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x16
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004ee, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0100000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "networkfamilystack_ap1"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0xb
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004ef, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0200000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "interfacequeue_ap1"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0xc
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004f0, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0300000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "peerqueue_ap1"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0xd
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004f1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0400000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "peerinput_ap1"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0xe
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004f2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0500000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "bpf_tap_in_ap1"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0xf
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004fd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0100000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "networkfamilystack_awdl0"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x10
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004fe, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0200000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "interfacequeue_awdl0"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x11
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x1000004ff, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0300000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "peerqueue_awdl0"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x12
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000500, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |     "StreamHeader" = <0400000000007373>
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "peerinput_awdl0"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x13
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000501, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |     {
    | |   |       |       "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       |       "StreamHeader" = <0500000000007373>
    | |   |       |       "Name" = "bpf_tap_in_awdl0"
    | |   |       |       "Id" = 0x14
    | |   |       |       "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       |       "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       |       "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       |       "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       |       "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       |       "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x4
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       |     }
    | |   |       |     
    | |   |       +-o CCDataPipe  <class CCDataPipe, id 0x1000002e6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 20>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "LogDataType" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   "IOClass" = "CCDataPipe"
    | |   |       | |   "Filename" = "StateSnapshots"
    | |   |       | |   "LogType" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   "Name" = "StateSnapshots"
    | |   |       | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "LogIdentifier" = "0"
    | |   |       | |   "PipeSize" = 0x80
    | |   |       | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe StateSnapshots"})
    | |   |       | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreV3.0"
    | |   |       | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x0,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | |   "PipeType" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |   "FileSize" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o CCDataStream  <class CCDataStream, id 0x1000002e7, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | | |   "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | | |   "Name" = "FaultReporter"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "IOClass" = "CCDataStream"
    | |   |       | | |   "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o CCFaultReporter  <class CCFaultReporter, id 0x100000307, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 20>
    | |   |       | |     {
    | |   |       | |       "IOClass" = "CCFaultReporter"
    | |   |       | |       "Owners" = ["com.apple.driver.AppleMultiFunctionManager","com.apple.iokit.IO80211Family","com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreV3.0"]
    | |   |       | |     }
    | |   |       | |     
    | |   |       | +-o CCDataStream  <class CCDataStream, id 0x10000045e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = "io80211"
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "IO80211DataStream"
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCDataStream"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCDataStream  <class CCDataStream, id 0x1000004ed, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       | |     "LogIdentifier" = "io80211"
    | |   |       | |     "Name" = "IO80211DataStream"
    | |   |       | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |     "IOClass" = "CCDataStream"
    | |   |       | |     "Id" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCDataStream  <class CCDataStream, id 0x1000004fc, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |     {
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       |       "LogIdentifier" = "io80211"
    | |   |       |       "Name" = "IO80211DataStream"
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       |       "IOClass" = "CCDataStream"
    | |   |       |       "Id" = 0x4
    | |   |       |     }
    | |   |       |     
    | |   |       +-o CCLogPipe  <class CCLogPipe, id 0x100000308, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "LogDataType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOClass" = "CCLogPipe"
    | |   |       | |   "Filename" = "FirmwareBusLogs"
    | |   |       | |   "LogType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Name" = "FirmwareBusLogs"
    | |   |       | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   "LogIdentifier" = "brcm0"
    | |   |       | |   "PipeSize" = 0x200000
    | |   |       | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0xccccc
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe FirmwareBusLogs"})
    | |   |       | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreV3.0"
    | |   |       | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x15dd0bb24,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | |   "PipeType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "FileSize" = 0x200000
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x10000030a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |     {
    | |   |       |       "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       |       "StreamHeader" = <0d0000000000a5a5>
    | |   |       |       "Name" = "Firmware_Bus"
    | |   |       |       "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       |       "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       |       "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       |       "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       |       "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       |       "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |       |       "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       |     }
    | |   |       |     
    | |   |       +-o AppleBCMWLANCore  <class AppleBCMWLANCore, id 0x100000309, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (3042 ms), retain 63>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "IO80211Family.BuildDate" = "Aug 30 2021 06:07:02"
    | |   |       | |   "FirmwareLoaded" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IO80211Family.BuildTag" = "AirPortFamily_kexts-1852.1"
    | |   |       | |   "IO80211Family.BuildTagGit" = ""AirPortFamily_kexts-1852.1""
    | |   |       | |   "ModuleInfo" = "chip='s=B3' module='M=HRPN m=7.7   V=u' prod='17508' manuf='5348'"
    | |   |       | |   "vendor-id" = "USI"
    | |   |       | |   "CoreDriverInitializationTime" = 0x163650663
    | |   |       | |   "Debuggable - isSoCRAMCaptureAllowed" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "AppleBCMWLANCorePowerManaged" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOMaxPacketSize" = 0x5ee
    | |   |       | |   "IOPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x110,"IOEthernetDisabledWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x1}
    | |   |       | |   "LastSleepMode" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |       | |   "IOMinPacketSize" = 0x40
    | |   |       | |   "FirmwareVersion" = "wl0: Aug 10 2021 20:10:47 version 9.30.444.18.32.5.71 FWID 01-30b2601e"
    | |   |       | |   "IOModel" = "Wireless Network Adapter (802.11 a/b/g/n/ac)"
    | |   |       | |   "mDNS_Keepalive" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "Debuggable - isVerboseDebugLoggingAllowed" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "LastWakeReason" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8002,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |       | |   "mDNS_KEY" = "2009-07-30"
    | |   |       | |   "Debuggable - isDebugCommandActionAllowed" = No
    | |   |       | |   "RequestedFiles" = ({"Firmware"="C-4364__s-B3/kure.trx","TxCap"="C-4364__s-B3/kure-X0.txcb","Regulatory"="C-4364__s-B3/kure-X0.clmb","NVRAM"="C-4364__s-B3/P-kure-X0_M-HRPN_V-u__m-7.7.txt"})
    | |   |       | |   "IOMediumDictionary" = {"00000080"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x80,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x337f980},"00000082"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x82,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | |   "IOMACAddress" = <88665a00bfee>
    | |   |       | |   "AppleBCMWLAN.BuildDate" = "Aug 30 2021 02:42:27"
    | |   |       | |   "wlan.hw.feature-flags" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "AppleBCMWLAN.BuildTag" = "AppleBCMWLANV3_DriversMac-828.1"
    | |   |       | |   "AVBControllerState" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |   "IOLinkSpeed" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IONetworkRootType" = "airport"
    | |   |       | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreMac"
    | |   |       | |   "IOVendor" = "Apple"
    | |   |       | |   "PlatformConfigFileName" = "kure-PlatformConfig.plist"
    | |   |       | |   "IOProviderClass" = "AppleBCMWLANBusInterfacePCIe"
    | |   |       | |   "IOSelectedMedium" = "00000080"
    | |   |       | |   "IOFeatures" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "TxCapVersion" = "Data Title: Kure_SDBPowerCap_Final_16Mar2020_v1.0 Data Creation: 2021-08-10 21:10:26 "
    | |   |       | |   "IOClass" = "AppleBCMWLANCore"
    | |   |       | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreMac"
    | |   |       | |   "IOLinkStatus" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |   "IOActiveMedium" = ""
    | |   |       | |   "AppleBCMWLAN.BuildType" = "release"
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Chip","IOReportChannels"=((0x2054436e42797465,0x100140001,"  Tx Bytes"),(0x2052436e42797465,0x100140001,"  Rx Bytes")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x900820000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Bytes Transferred"},{"IOReportGroupName"="Chip","IOReportChannels"=((0x5478436e54784672,0x180100001,"       Tx Data Frames"),(0x5478436e54785265,0x180100001,"   Tx Retransmissions"),(0x5478436e54784465,0x180100001,"       Tx Data Errors"),(0x5478436e54784472,0x180100001,"    $
    | |   |       | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "WiFiDriver"
    | |   |       | |   "CLMVersion" = "API: 18.1 Data: Oly.Kure-Main Compiler: 1.40.2 ClmImport: 1.57.0 Customization: v1 Final 200320 Creation: 2021-08-10 21:10:04 "
    | |   |       | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "FWCap" = "ap sta wme 802.11d 802.11h cqa cac dualband ampdu ampdu_tx ampdu_rx amsdurx amsdutx radio_pwrsave proptxstatus anqpo vht-prop-rates dfrts lpas txpwrcache txcap2 stbc-tx stbc-rx-1ss rsdb mfp ndoe pktfltr2 epno pfnx txcap scanmac bdo ecounters event_log cdef awdl tko proxd cptlv-4 idauth icmp ifver dfsp idsup sae sae-ap clm_restrict evt_ext lpr_scan bkoff_evt hp2p rng_reseed arpoe "
    | |   |       | |   "ModuleDictionary" = {"ManufacturerID"=0x14e4,"ModuleInfo"="M=HRPN m=7.7   V=u","subsystem-vendor-id"=0x106b,"ChipInfo"="s=B3","ProductID"=0x4464}
    | |   |       | |   "AppleBCMWLAN.BuildTagGit" = ""AppleBCMWLANV3_DriversMac-828.1""
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogPipe  <class CCLogPipe, id 0x100000336, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "LogDataType" = 0x3
    | |   |       | | |   "IOClass" = "CCLogPipe"
    | |   |       | | |   "Filename" = "CCIOReporter"
    | |   |       | | |   "LogType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Name" = "OneStats"
    | |   |       | | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x2
    | |   |       | | |   "LogIdentifier" = "CCIOReporters"
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeSize" = 0x10000
    | |   |       | | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0x6666
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe OneStats"})
    | |   |       | | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.iokit.IO80211Family"
    | |   |       | | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       | | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x0,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "FileSize" = 0x200000
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o CCIOReporterLogStream  <class CCIOReporterLogStream, id 0x100000337, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |     {
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4$
    | |   |       | |       "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x5
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |       "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |       "LogIdentifier" = "CCIOReporters"
    | |   |       | |       "Name" = "IO80211 IOReporter Stream"
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |       "MiscInfo" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     }
    | |   |       | |     
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogPipe  <class CCLogPipe, id 0x10000034b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "LogDataType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "IOClass" = "CCLogPipe"
    | |   |       | | |   "Filename" = "ControlPath"
    | |   |       | | |   "LogType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Name" = "ControlPath"
    | |   |       | | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x2
    | |   |       | | |   "LogIdentifier" = "ControlPath"
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeSize" = 0x10000
    | |   |       | | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0x6666
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe ControlPath"})
    | |   |       | | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.iokit.IO80211Family"
    | |   |       | | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       | | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x0,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "FileSize" = 0x200000
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x10000034c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | | |   {
    | |   |       | | |     "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | | |     "StreamHeader" = <0600000000007373>
    | |   |       | | |     "Name" = "IO80211 IOCTL Stream"
    | |   |       | | |     "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | | |     "LogIdentifier" = "ioctl"
    | |   |       | | |     "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x5
    | |   |       | | |     "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | | |     "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | | |     "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4$
    | |   |       | | |     "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   }
    | |   |       | | |   
    | |   |       | | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x10000034d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |     {
    | |   |       | |       "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |       "StreamHeader" = <0700000000007373>
    | |   |       | |       "Name" = "IO80211 Event Stream"
    | |   |       | |       "Id" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |       "LogIdentifier" = "event"
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x5
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |       "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4$
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |     }
    | |   |       | |     
    | |   |       | +-o IOImageLoader  <class IOImageLoader, id 0x10000034e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "consumer-id" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o BCMWLANFirmware4355_Hashstore  <class BCMWLANFirmware4355_Hashstore, id 0x100000350, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       | | |   {
    | |   |       | | |     "IOPropertyMatch" = {"consumer-id"="com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"}
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4355.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "BCMWLANFirmware4355_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOClass" = "BCMWLANFirmware4355_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOImageLoader"
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4355.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |     "consumer-id" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"
    | |   |       | | |     "BuildDate" = "Aug 30 2021 02:44:02"
    | |   |       | | |   }
    | |   |       | | |   
    | |   |       | | +-o BCMWLANFirmware4364_Hashstore  <class BCMWLANFirmware4364_Hashstore, id 0x100000351, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       | | |   {
    | |   |       | | |     "IOPropertyMatch" = {"consumer-id"="com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"}
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4364.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "BCMWLANFirmware4364_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOClass" = "BCMWLANFirmware4364_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOImageLoader"
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4364.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |     "consumer-id" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"
    | |   |       | | |     "BuildDate" = "Aug 30 2021 02:46:50"
    | |   |       | | |   }
    | |   |       | | |   
    | |   |       | | +-o BCMWLANFirmware4377_Hashstore  <class BCMWLANFirmware4377_Hashstore, id 0x100000352, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       | | |   {
    | |   |       | | |     "IOPropertyMatch" = {"consumer-id"="com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"}
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4377.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "BCMWLANFirmware4377_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOClass" = "BCMWLANFirmware4377_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOImageLoader"
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4377.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |     "consumer-id" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"
    | |   |       | | |     "BuildDate" = "Aug 30 2021 02:43:14"
    | |   |       | | |   }
    | |   |       | | |   
    | |   |       | | +-o BCMWLANFirmware4378_Hashstore  <class BCMWLANFirmware4378_Hashstore, id 0x100000353, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       | | |   {
    | |   |       | | |     "IOPropertyMatch" = {"consumer-id"="com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"}
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4378.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "BCMWLANFirmware4378_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOClass" = "BCMWLANFirmware4378_Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOImageLoader"
    | |   |       | | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.BCMWLANFirmware4378.Hashstore"
    | |   |       | | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |     "consumer-id" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCore"
    | |   |       | | |     "BuildDate" = "Aug 30 2021 02:43:41"
    | |   |       | | |   }
    | |   |       | | |   
    | |   |       | | +-o IOImageLoaderRequest  <class IOImageLoaderRequest, id 0x100000359, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       | |     {
    | |   |       | |       "images" = {"C-4364__s-B3/kure.trx"={"imagetype"="Firmware","required"=Yes,"imagename"="C-4364__s-B3/kure.trx"},"C-4364__s-B3/kure-X0.txcb"={"imagetype"="TxCap","required"=No,"imagename"="C-4364__s-B3/kure-X0.txcb"},"C-4364__s-B3/kure-X0.clmb"={"imagetype"="Regulatory","required"=Yes,"imagename"="C-4364__s-B3/kure-X0.clmb"},"C-4364__s-B3/P-kure-X0_M-HRPN_V-u__m-7.7.txt"={"imagetype"="NVRAM","required"=Yes,"imagename"="C-4364__s-B3/P-kure-X0_M-HRPN_V-u__m-7.7.txt"}}
    | |   |       | |     }
    | |   |       | |     
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogPipe  <class CCLogPipe, id 0x100000355, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "LogDataType" = 0x1
    | |   |       | | |   "IOClass" = "CCLogPipe"
    | |   |       | | |   "Filename" = "FirmwareLogs"
    | |   |       | | |   "LogType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Name" = "FirmwareLogs"
    | |   |       | | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x2
    | |   |       | | |   "LogIdentifier" = "brcm0"
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeSize" = 0x2000
    | |   |       | | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0xccc
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe FirmwareLogs"})
    | |   |       | | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreV3.0"
    | |   |       | | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       | | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x0,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "FileSize" = 0x200000
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000356, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |     {
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4$
    | |   |       | |       "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x7f
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |       "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |       "LogIdentifier" = "brcm0"
    | |   |       | |       "Name" = "Chip_UART"
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |       "MiscInfo" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |     }
    | |   |       | |     
    | |   |       | +-o en1  <class IO80211Interface, id 0x100000464, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "IONetworkData" = {"IONetworkStatsKey"={"Size"=0x14,"Data"=<0000000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"Access Types"=0x9},"IOEthernetStatsKey"={"Size"=0xd8,"Data"=<00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |       | | |   "IOInterfaceState" = 0x3
    | |   |       | | |   "IOPrimaryInterface" = No
    | |   |       | | |   "IOControllerEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "IOMaxTransferUnit" = 0x5dc
    | |   |       | | |   "IOActivePacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x13,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       | | |   "IO80211DriverVersion" = "wl0: Aug 10 2021 20:10:47 version 9.30.444.18.32.5.71 FWID 01-30b2601e"
    | |   |       | | |   "IORequiredPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x13,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       | | |   "IOInterfaceUnit" = 0x1
    | |   |       | | |   "IO80211Locale" = "FCC"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOMediaAddressLength" = 0x6
    | |   |       | | |   "IOBuiltin" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "IOInterfaceType" = 0x6
    | |   |       | | |   "IOMACAddress" = <88665a00bfee>
    | |   |       | | |   "IO80211CountryCode" = "X0"
    | |   |       | | |   "BSD Name" = "en1"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOInterfaceFlags" = 0x8863
    | |   |       | | |   "IOMulticastAddressList" = <010393df0b92>
    | |   |       | | |   "IOInterfaceExtraFlags" = 0x41200080
    | |   |       | | |   "netboot-properties" = {"Xlate-upper-auth-wpa2-psk"=0x8,"scan-before-association"=Yes,"Xlate-upper-auth-wpa-psk"=0x2,"scan-is-async"=Yes,"scan-after-delay-ms"=0x1388}
    | |   |       | | |   "IO80211HardwareVersion" = "vendorid: 0x14e4 deviceid: 0x4464 radiorev: 0x422069 chipnum: 0x4364 chiprev: 0x4 corerev: 0x3a boardid: 0x81d boardvendor: 0x14e4 boardrev: 0x1750 driverrev: 0x0 ucoderev: 0x440c3c3 bus: 0x0 "
    | |   |       | | |   "IOMediaHeaderLength" = 0xe
    | |   |       | | |   "IOLocation" = ""
    | |   |       | | |   "IOInterfaceNamePrefix" = "en"
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o IONetworkStack  <class IONetworkStack, id 0x10000032c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |       | |   | {
    | |   |       | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       | |   |   "IOClass" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |   |       | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       | |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IONetworkStackUserClient"
    | |   |       | |   |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |       | |   | }
    | |   |       | |   | 
    | |   |       | |   +-o IONetworkStackUserClient  <class IONetworkStackUserClient, id 0x10000046c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |       | |       {
    | |   |       | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 84, configd"
    | |   |       | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |       | |       }
    | |   |       | |       
    | |   |       | +-o AppleBCMWLANIO80211APSTAInterface  <class AppleBCMWLANIO80211APSTAInterface, id 0x1000004f3, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOMACAddress" = <aa665a00bfee>
    | |   |       | |     "BSD Name" = "ap1"
    | |   |       | |     "IO80211VirtualInterfaceRole" = "SoftAP"
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o CCDataPipe  <class CCDataPipe, id 0x1000004f9, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "LogDataType" = 0x5
    | |   |       | | |   "IOClass" = "CCDataPipe"
    | |   |       | | |   "Filename" = "AssociationEventHistory"
    | |   |       | | |   "LogType" = 0x2
    | |   |       | | |   "Name" = "AssociationEventHistory"
    | |   |       | | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "LogIdentifier" = "AssociationEventHistory"
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeSize" = 0x40
    | |   |       | | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe AssociationEventHistory"})
    | |   |       | | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.iokit.IO80211Family"
    | |   |       | | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x0,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeType" = 0x1
    | |   |       | | |   "FileSize" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o CCIOReporterDataStream  <class CCIOReporterDataStream, id 0x1000004fa, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |     {
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4$
    | |   |       | |       "LogIdentifier" = "AssociationEventHistory"
    | |   |       | |       "Name" = "com.apple.iokit.IO80211Family"
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |       "IOClass" = "CCDataStream"
    | |   |       | |       "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |     }
    | |   |       | |     
    | |   |       | +-o CCLogPipe  <class CCLogPipe, id 0x100000502, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | | | {
    | |   |       | | |   "LogDataType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "IOClass" = "CCLogPipe"
    | |   |       | | |   "Filename" = "io80211Family"
    | |   |       | | |   "LogType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Name" = "IO80211P2PPeerManager"
    | |   |       | | |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x2
    | |   |       | | |   "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeSize" = 0x10000
    | |   |       | | |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0x6666
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe IO80211P2PPeerManager"})
    | |   |       | | |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "Owner" = "com.apple.iokit.IO80211Family"
    | |   |       | | |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       | | |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |       | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | | |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x0,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |       | | |   "PipeType" = 0x0
    | |   |       | | |   "FileSize" = 0xa00000
    | |   |       | | | }
    | |   |       | | | 
    | |   |       | | +-o CCLogStream  <class CCLogStream, id 0x100000503, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | |     {
    | |   |       | |       "IOClass" = "CCLogStream"
    | |   |       | |       "StreamHeader" = <0500000000007373>
    | |   |       | |       "Name" = "bpfIO80211AWDL"
    | |   |       | |       "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |       "LogIdentifier" = "IO80211P2P"
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureLevel" = 0x4
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleLevel" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |       | |       "MiscInfo" = 0x96
    | |   |       | |       "ConsoleFlag" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4$
    | |   |       | |       "CoreCaptureFlag" = 0x4
    | |   |       | |       "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |     }
    | |   |       | |     
    | |   |       | +-o AppleBCMWLANProximityInterface  <class AppleBCMWLANProximityInterface, id 0x100000504, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | |   {
    | |   |       | |     "IOMACAddress" = <6a654538a17c>
    | |   |       | |     "BSD Name" = "awdl0"
    | |   |       | |     "IO80211VirtualInterfaceRole" = "AirLink"
    | |   |       | |   }
    | |   |       | |   
    | |   |       | +-o AppleBCMWLANLowLatencyInterface  <class AppleBCMWLANLowLatencyInterface, id 0x100000505, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (182 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       |   | {
    | |   |       |   |   "IO80211InterfaceRole" = "LowLatency"
    | |   |       |   |   "BSD Name" = "llw0"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOInterfaceType" = 0x6
    | |   |       |   |   "IOMACAddress" = <6a654538a17c>
    | |   |       |   |   "IOInterfaceNamePrefix" = "llw"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOInterfaceUnit" = 0x0
    | |   |       |   | }
    | |   |       |   | 
    | |   |       |   +-o IOSkywalkNetworkBSDClient  <class IOSkywalkNetworkBSDClient, id 0x10000050d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |       {
    | |   |       |         "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       |         "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSkywalkFamily"
    | |   |       |         "IOProviderClass" = "IOSkywalkNetworkInterface"
    | |   |       |         "IOClass" = "IOSkywalkNetworkBSDClient"
    | |   |       |         "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSkywalkFamily"
    | |   |       |         "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSkywalkFamily"
    | |   |       |         "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |         "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8102,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |       |         "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |       |         "IOSkywalkNexusUUID" = "964AD632-0491-48C0-BC05-30EC65FD874C"
    | |   |       |       }
    | |   |       |       
    | |   |       +-o CCDataPipe  <class CCDataPipe, id 0x10000030b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |         | {
    | |   |         |   "LogDataType" = 0x6
    | |   |         |   "IOClass" = "CCDataPipe"
    | |   |         |   "Filename" = "CrashTracerLog"
    | |   |         |   "LogType" = 0x2
    | |   |         |   "Name" = "CrashTracerLogs"
    | |   |         |   "NumberOfFiles" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "LogIdentifier" = "brcm0"
    | |   |         |   "PipeSize" = 0x40
    | |   |         |   "MinLogSizeToNotify" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434350204c202020,0x180100001,"                              Log Calls"),(0x434350204c4d4442,0x180100001,"   Log Messages Dropped Short Of Buffer"),(0x434350204c435220,0x180100001,"                       Capture Requests")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x6400000000000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Pipe CrashTracerLogs"})
    | |   |         |   "LogPolicy" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "Owner" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBCMWLANCoreV3.0"
    | |   |         |   "FileOptions" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "NotifyThreshold" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "DirectoryName" = "WiFi"
    | |   |         |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "Statistics" = {"timestamp"=0x0,"Errors"={"metaDataCounts: invalidState"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPaddingSize"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidLogLevel"=0x0,"reserveRingEntryDrops"=0x0,"metaDataCounts: invalidPayloadSize"=0x0}}
    | |   |         |   "PipeType" = 0x1
    | |   |         |   "FileSize" = 0x0
    | |   |         | }
    | |   |         | 
    | |   |         +-o CCDataStream  <class CCDataStream, id 0x10000030c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |             {
    | |   |               "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="CoreCapture","IOReportChannels"=((0x434353204c202020,0x180100001,"                           Log Calls"),(0x434353204c444343,0x180100001,"        Log Calls Dropped CC Filters"),(0x434353204c444320,0x180100001,"   Log Calls Dropped Console Filters"),(0x434353204c4c4520,0x180100001,"               Log Calls [Emergency]"),(0x434353204c4c4120,0x180100001,"               Log Calls     [Alert]"),(0x434353204c4c4320,0x180100001,"               Log Calls      [Crit]"),(0x434353204c4c5$
    | |   |               "LogIdentifier" = ""
    | |   |               "Name" = "CrashTracerStream"
    | |   |               "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |               "IOClass" = "CCDataStream"
    | |   |               "Id" = 0x1
    | |   |             }
    | |   |             
    | |   +-o RP02@1C,1  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000021a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (292 ms), retain 11>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1100000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x40
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <40000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x2
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "reg-ltrovr" = <0004000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <b9060000>
    | |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0xa0
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <70636934302c3000706369383038362c36623900706369636c6173732c303630343030005250303200>
    | |   | |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000000000000008200000000000000000000000000000000000000c24000000000003010000000c2400000000000301000000000000010000000008100000000000000000000008100000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x2724c11
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP02@1c0001"
    | |   | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <f0000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x7011
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x142
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:28:1(6:6)"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00e1000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0xcb200
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002d2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (287 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o GIGE@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000021b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (287 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "assigned-addresses" = <100006c240000000000030100000000000000100180006c240000000000031100000000000000100>
    | |   |     |   "vendor-id" = <e4140000>
    | |   |     |   "class-code" = <00000200>
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <e4140000>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x475c11
    | |   |     |   "IOName" = "ethernet"
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIPauseCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "local-mac-address" = <3c7d0a0c3913>
    | |   |     |   "pcidebug" = "6:0:0"
    | |   |     |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1011
    | |   |     |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x102
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |     |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4010300000,"length"=0x10000}),({"address"=0x4010310000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | |   |     |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x48
    | |   |     |   "name" = <65746865726e657400>
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-id" = <86160000>
    | |   |     |   "model" = "Broadcom 57766-A1"
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <706369313465342c3136383600706369636c6173732c303230303030004749474500>
    | |   |     |   "acpi-wake-type" = 0x2
    | |   |     |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "reg" = <000006000000000000000000000000000000000010000642000000000000000000000000000001001800064200000000000000000000000000000100>
    | |   |     |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IO$
    | |   |     |   "device-id" = <86160000>
    | |   |     |   "revision-id" = <01000000>
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1100000007000000>,<0c00000000000100>)
    | |   |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP02@1c0001/GIGE@0"
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o BCM5701Enet  <class BCM5701Enet, id 0x1000002e3, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       | {
    | |   |       |   "NumberOfRealtimeTransmitQueues" = 0x1
    | |   |       |   "IOMaxPacketSize" = 0x233a
    | |   |       |   "IOPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x113,"IOEthernetDisabledWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x1}
    | |   |       |   "mDNS_Keepalive" = Yes
    | |   |       |   "IOMinPacketSize" = 0x40
    | |   |       |   "BJP_Firmware_Version" = "1.21"
    | |   |       |   "Configuration Data" = {"MTU"=0x233a,"StdRcvThreshold"=0x8,"TxMaxCoalescedFrames"=0x40,"PassUpCRC"=No,"JumboRcvThreshold"=0x5,"RxCoalescingTicksDuringInt"=0x78,"RxCoalescingTicks"=0x19,"RxJumboRcvBuffers"=0x40,"Batch_ARP_Enable"=Yes,"RxStdRcvBuffers"=0x100,"TxCoalescingTicks"=0x96,"TxCoalescingTicksDuringInt"=0x96,"RxMaxCoalescedFramesDuringInt"=0xf,"TxSendBuffers"=0x60,"WOL"="Enable","TxMaxCoalescedFramesDuringInt"=0x40,"EnableRxHwCksum"=Yes,"RxMaxCoalescedFrames"=0xf,"EnableTxHwCksum"=Yes}
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatched" = "pci14e4,1686"
    | |   |       |   "IOModel" = "57766-A1"
    | |   |       |   "NVRamInfo" = "Offset=0x200, PageSize=256, Chip=0x1f"
    | |   |       |   "Driver_Version" = "11.0.0"
    | |   |       |   "FirmwareProperty" = "Nonpersistent Firmware"
    | |   |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.AppleBCM5701Ethernet"
    | |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8002,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |       |   "FirmwareVersionString" = "57766a-v1.15"
    | |   |       |   "mDNS_KEY" = "2009-07-30"
    | |   |       |   "IOMediumDictionary" = {"00000020"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x20,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x0},"00200023"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x200023,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x989680},"00500030"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x500030,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x3b9aca00},"08100023"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x8100023,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x989680},"00900026"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x900026,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x5f5e100},"00100026"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x100026,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x5f5e100},"08100030"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x8100030,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x3b9aca00},"00900023"={"I$
    | |   |       |   "IOMACAddress" = <3c7d0a0c3913>
    | |   |       |   "IOFeatures" = 0xa
    | |   |       |   "AVBControllerState" = 0x1
    | |   |       |   "IOLinkSpeed" = 0x3b9aca00
    | |   |       |   "IOVendor" = "Broadcom"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.AppleBCM5701Ethernet"
    | |   |       |   "TimeSyncSupport" = 0x1
    | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |   "IOSelectedMedium" = "00000020"
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatch" = ("pci14e4,1684","pci14e4,16b0","pci14e4,16b4","pci14e4,1682","pci14e4,1686")
    | |   |       |   "BatchARP" = Yes
    | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "BCM5701Enet"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.AppleBCM5701Ethernet"
    | |   |       |   "IOPlatformPanicAction" = 0x15ba8
    | |   |       |   "IOActiveMedium" = "00100030"
    | |   |       |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |       |   "IOLinkStatus" = 0x3
    | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   "NumberOfRealtimeReceiveQueues" = 0x2
    | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x800
    | |   |       |   "Partner-Capabilities" = {"1000baseT-EEE"=No,"Pause"=No,"100baseTX-full-duplex"=Yes,"Asymmetric-Pause"=No,"10baseT-full-duplex"=Yes,"10baseT-half-duplex"=Yes,"1000baseT-full-duplex"=Yes,"100baseTX-EEE"=No,"100baseTX-half-duplex"=Yes}
    | |   |       |   "RxPolling" = No
    | |   |       |   "SleepState" = "D0"
    | |   |       | }
    | |   |       | 
    | |   |       +-o en0  <class IOEthernetInterface, id 0x1000003aa, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "IOLocation" = ""
    | |   |       | |   "IORequiredPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x13,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       | |   "BSD Name" = "en0"
    | |   |       | |   "IOMulticastAddressList" = <01005e0000fb01005e0000013333000000fb3333ff635b323333000000013333ff084d800180c2000003>
    | |   |       | |   "IOMaxTransferUnit" = 0x5dc
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterfaceType" = 0x6
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterfaceFlags" = 0x8863
    | |   |       | |   "IOMediaAddressLength" = 0x6
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterfaceState" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |   "mDNS_Offload_Capable" = "3c:7d:0a:0c:39:13"
    | |   |       | |   "IOMediaHeaderLength" = 0xe
    | |   |       | |   "IOActivePacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x13,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterfaceExtraFlags" = 0x410009c0
    | |   |       | |   "IOPrimaryInterface" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOControllerEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterfaceUnit" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterfaceNamePrefix" = "en"
    | |   |       | |   "IOBuiltin" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IONetworkData" = {"IONetworkStatsKey"={"Size"=0x14,"Data"=<cac31300000000007b2e03000000000000000000>,"Access Types"=0x9},"IOEthernetStatsKey"={"Size"=0xd8,"Data"=<0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o IONetworkStack  <class IONetworkStack, id 0x10000032c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |       |   | {
    | |   |       |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOClass" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |   |       |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IONetworkStackUserClient"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |       |   | }
    | |   |       |   | 
    | |   |       |   +-o IONetworkStackUserClient  <class IONetworkStackUserClient, id 0x10000046c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |       |       {
    | |   |       |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 84, configd"
    | |   |       |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |       |       }
    | |   |       |       
    | |   |       +-o BCM5701EnetClock  <class BCM5701EnetClock, id 0x100000692, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |           {
    | |   |             "NominalTimeSyncInterval" = 0x1dcd6500
    | |   |             "NominalDomainInterval" = 0x1dcd6500
    | |   |             "NominalMachInterval" = 0x0
    | |   |             "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |             "FilterShift" = 0x4
    | |   |             "Adaptive" = No
    | |   |             "IOUserClientClass" = "IOTimeSyncUserClient"
    | |   |             "ClockLockState" = 0x2
    | |   |             "ClockIdentifier" = 0x3d7d0a0c39130000
    | |   |           }
    | |   |           
    | |   +-o RP05@1C,4  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000021c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (298 ms), retain 11>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_SS" = 0x140
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x5724c43
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <7f000000>
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_LC" = 0x40
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_TOTAL_PRRT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0x24fd00
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_PMCSR" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x32
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:28:4(7:255)"
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_NLRT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x7043
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_RT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x142
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   | |   "reg-ltrovr" = <0004000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "ranges" = <000000820000000000009081000000820000000000009081000000000000705e000000c24000000000000030000000c240000000000000303f000000000000d00000008100000000005000000000008100000000005000000000000000a00000>
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_LWRT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0xa0
    | |   | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_SC" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_TOTAL_RT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_LS" = 0x7043
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_TOTAL_LWRT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <70636937662c3000706369383038362c36626300706369636c6173732c303630343030005250303500>
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_PRRT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_TOTAL_LUP" = 0x1
    | |   | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x140
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00e4000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "TBTPCI_TOTAL_NLRT" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <bc060000>
    | |   | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <f0000000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004"
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002d6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (291 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o UPSB@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000021d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (291 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x448843
    | |   |     |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <7f000000>
    | |   |     |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |     |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x31
    | |   |     |   "pcidebug" = "7:0:0(8:255)"
    | |   |     |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1043
    | |   |     |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x52
    | |   |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   |     |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     |   "ranges" = <000000820000000000009081000000820000000000009081000000000000705e000000c24000000000000030000000c240000000000000303f000000000000d00000008100000000005000000000008100000000005000000000000000a00000>
    | |   |     |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   |     |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   |     |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |     |   "USB Cable Attached" = No
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <70636937662c3000706369383038362c3135656100706369636c6173732c303630343030005550534200>
    | |   |     |   "PCI-Thunderbolt" = 0x1
    | |   |     |   "reg" = <0000070000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |     |   "IOPCITunnelL1Enable" = No
    | |   |     |   "device-id" = <ea150000>
    | |   |     |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   |     |   "revision-id" = <06000000>
    | |   |     |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0"
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002ec, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (289 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |       | {
    | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       | }
    | |   |       | 
    | |   |       +-o DSB0@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000021e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (285 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |       | |   "PCIHotplugCapable" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x600841
    | |   |       | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |       | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   |       | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0x40000
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |   "pcidebug" = "8:0:0(10:10)"
    | |   |       | |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x5041
    | |   |       | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x162
    | |   |       | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   |       | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       | |   "ranges" = <00000082000000000000a08100000082000000000000a0810000000000001000000000c20000000000000000000000c2000000000000000000000000000000000000008100000000000000000000008100000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   |       | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   |       | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3135656100706369636c6173732c303630343030004453423000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x40
    | |   |       | |   "reg" = <0000080000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCITunnelL1Enable" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "device-id" = <ea150000>
    | |   |       | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   |       | |   "revision-id" = <06000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB0@0"
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002f1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (281 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |   | {
    | |   |       |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |       |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       |   |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |   | }
    | |   |       |   | 
    | |   |       |   +-o NHI0@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000021f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (281 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       |     | {
    | |   |       |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |       |     |   "assigned-addresses" = <10000a82000000000000a081000000000000040014000a82000000000000a4810000000000100000>
    | |   |       |     |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |       |     |   "class-code" = <00800800>
    | |   |       |     |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x40841
    | |   |       |     |   "IOName" = "pci8086,15eb"
    | |   |       |     |   "pathcr" = <0400000000000000000007001000100005000000000000000000070010001000010000000b000e000e000000000000000200000000000000000004000200010003000000000000000000070002000100>
    | |   |       |     |   "TBTDPLowToHigh" = <01000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x1
    | |   |       |     |   "power-save" = 0x1
    | |   |       |     |   "pcidebug" = "10:0:0"
    | |   |       |     |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1041
    | |   |       |     |   "TBTFlags" = <0b000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |       |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |       |     |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |       |     |   "linkDetails" = <0800000003000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCITunnelControllerID" = 0x100000301
    | |   |       |     |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       |     |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x81a00000,"length"=0x40000}),({"address"=0x81a40000,"length"=0x1000}))
    | |   |       |     |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   |       |     |   "name" = <706369383038362c3135656200>
    | |   |       |     |   "ThunderboltUUID" = <19adc68141b85f56918c87d86570e5a0>
    | |   |       |     |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3000706369383038362c3135656200706369636c6173732c303838303030004e48493000>
    | |   |       |     |   "ThunderboltDROM" = <c4004468687ebd010026f2ec4301580001000d000100088180028000000008829001800000000883800480010000088490038001000005850901000586090100028703882003898002ca02cb0d014170706c6520496e632e000c024d6163696e746f736800000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "sscOffset" = <0007>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       |     |   "reg" = <00000a000000000000000000000000000000000010000a020000000000000000000000000000040014000a0200000000000000000000000000100000>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCITunnelL1Enable" = Yes
    | |   |       |     |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs$
    | |   |       |     |   "device-id" = <eb150000>
    | |   |       |     |   "ThunderboltConfig" = <00021c003000000001005d000000020031000000010032000000020001000200>
    | |   |       |     |   "revision-id" = <06000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<1300000000000100>)
    | |   |       |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB0@0/NHI0@0"
    | |   |       |     | }
    | |   |       |     | 
    | |   |       |     +-o AppleThunderboltHAL  <class AppleThunderboltHAL, id 0x100000301, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (175 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |       |       | {
    | |   |       |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleThunderboltHAL"
    | |   |       |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltNHI"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPCIClassMatch" = "0x08800000&0xffff0000"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPlatformSleepAction" = 0x30d40
    | |   |       |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPCIMatch" = "0x15008086&0xff00ffff"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPlatformWakeAction" = 0x30d40
    | |   |       |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |       |   "NVM Loaded" = 0x2000058
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes}
    | |   |       |       |   "Statistics" = {"Total Rx Packets"="1189","Total Tx Packets"="1189"}
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltNHI"
    | |   |       |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltNHI"
    | |   |       |       |   "Hardware Owner" = "AppleThunderboltNHIType3"
    | |   |       |       | }
    | |   |       |       | 
    | |   |       |       +-o AppleThunderboltNHIType3  <class AppleThunderboltNHIType3, id 0x100000305, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (175 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |       |         | {
    | |   |       |         |   "RTPC" = Yes
    | |   |       |         | }
    | |   |       |         | 
    | |   |       |         +-o IOThunderboltController  <class IOThunderboltController, id 0x100000306, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (175 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |       |           | {
    | |   |       |           |   "User Client Version" = 0x5
    | |   |       |           |   "Generation" = 0x2
    | |   |       |           |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"3A0F596B-5D02-41D3-99D4-E27D4F218A54"="IOThunderboltFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOThunderboltLib.plugin"}
    | |   |       |           |   "JTAG Device Count" = 0x0
    | |   |       |           |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOThunderboltFamilyUserClient"
    | |   |       |           |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"DesiredPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |       |           |   "Using Bus Power" = No
    | |   |       |           | }
    | |   |       |           | 
    | |   |       |           +-o IOThunderboltLocalNode  <class IOThunderboltLocalNode, id 0x100000311, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (112 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |           | | {
    | |   |       |           | |   "Domain UUID" = "19ADC681-41B8-5F56-918C-87D86570E5A0"
    | |   |       |           | | }
    | |   |       |           | | 
    | |   |       |           | +-o AppleThunderboltIPService  <class AppleThunderboltIPService, id 0x10000052f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |       |           |   | {
    | |   |       |           |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1000
    | |   |       |           |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltIP"
    | |   |       |           |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleThunderboltIPService"
    | |   |       |           |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleThunderboltIPService"
    | |   |       |           |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltIP"
    | |   |       |           |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOThunderboltLocalNode"
    | |   |       |           |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltIP"
    | |   |       |           |   |   "Protocol Settings" = 0x3
    | |   |       |           |   |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |       |           |   | }
    | |   |       |           |   | 
    | |   |       |           |   +-o AppleThunderboltIPPort  <class AppleThunderboltIPPort, id 0x100000530, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |           |   | | {
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOLocation" = "1"
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOModel" = "ThunderboltIP"
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x23,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOMACAddress" = <827f1ca11000>
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOLinkSpeed" = 0x2540be400
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "AVBControllerState" = 0x1
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOVendor" = "Apple"
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOSelectedMedium" = "00100020"
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOMinPacketSize" = 0x40
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOFeatures" = 0x38
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IORevision" = "4.0.3"
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOLinkStatus" = 0x1
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOMaxPacketSize" = 0x233a
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOActiveMedium" = "00100020"
    | |   |       |           |   | |   "IOMediumDictionary" = {"00100020"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x100020,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x2540be400}}
    | |   |       |           |   | | }
    | |   |       |           |   | | 
    | |   |       |           |   | +-o en2  <class IOEthernetInterface, id 0x100000532, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |       |           |   |   | {
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOLocation" = "1"
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IORequiredPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x3,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "BSD Name" = "en2"
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOMaxTransferUnit" = 0x5dc
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOInterfaceFlags" = 0x8963
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOInterfaceType" = 0x6
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOMediaAddressLength" = 0x6
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOInterfaceState" = 0x3
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOMediaHeaderLength" = 0xe
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOActivePacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x3,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOInterfaceExtraFlags" = 0x41000080
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOPrimaryInterface" = No
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOControllerEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOInterfaceUnit" = 0x2
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOInterfaceNamePrefix" = "en"
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IOBuiltin" = Yes
    | |   |       |           |   |   |   "IONetworkData" = {"IONetworkStatsKey"={"Size"=0x14,"Data"=<0000000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"Access Types"=0x9},"IOEthernetStatsKey"={"Size"=0xd8,"Data"=<0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |       |           |   |   | }
    | |   |       |           |   |   | 
    | |   |       |           |   |   +-o IONetworkStack  <class IONetworkStack, id 0x10000032c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |       |           |   |     | {
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "IOClass" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IONetworkStackUserClient"
    | |   |       |           |   |     |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |       |           |   |     | }
    | |   |       |           |   |     | 
    | |   |       |           |   |     +-o IONetworkStackUserClient  <class IONetworkStackUserClient, id 0x10000046c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |       |           |   |         {
    | |   |       |           |   |           "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 84, configd"
    | |   |       |           |   |           "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |       |           |   |         }
    | |   |       |           |   |         
    | |   |       |           |   +-o AppleThunderboltIPPort  <class AppleThunderboltIPPort, id 0x100000533, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |           |     | {
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOLocation" = "2"
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOModel" = "ThunderboltIP"
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x23,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOMACAddress" = <827f1ca11001>
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOLinkSpeed" = 0x2540be400
    | |   |       |           |     |   "AVBControllerState" = 0x1
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOVendor" = "Apple"
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOSelectedMedium" = "00100020"
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOMinPacketSize" = 0x40
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOFeatures" = 0x38
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IORevision" = "4.0.3"
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOLinkStatus" = 0x1
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOMaxPacketSize" = 0x233a
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOActiveMedium" = "00100020"
    | |   |       |           |     |   "IOMediumDictionary" = {"00100020"={"Index"=0x0,"Type"=0x100020,"Flags"=0x0,"Speed"=0x2540be400}}
    | |   |       |           |     | }
    | |   |       |           |     | 
    | |   |       |           |     +-o en3  <class IOEthernetInterface, id 0x100000535, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |       |           |       | {
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOLocation" = "2"
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IORequiredPacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x3,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       |           |       |   "BSD Name" = "en3"
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOMaxTransferUnit" = 0x5dc
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOInterfaceFlags" = 0x8963
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOInterfaceType" = 0x6
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOMediaAddressLength" = 0x6
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOInterfaceState" = 0x3
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOMediaHeaderLength" = 0xe
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOActivePacketFilters" = {"IONetworkFilterGroup"=0x3,"IOEthernetWakeOnLANFilterGroup"=0x0}
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOInterfaceExtraFlags" = 0x41000080
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOPrimaryInterface" = No
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOControllerEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOInterfaceUnit" = 0x3
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOInterfaceNamePrefix" = "en"
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IOBuiltin" = Yes
    | |   |       |           |       |   "IONetworkData" = {"IONetworkStatsKey"={"Size"=0x14,"Data"=<0000000000000000000000000000000000000000>,"Access Types"=0x9},"IOEthernetStatsKey"={"Size"=0xd8,"Data"=<0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000$
    | |   |       |           |       | }
    | |   |       |           |       | 
    | |   |       |           |       +-o IONetworkStack  <class IONetworkStack, id 0x10000032c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 16>
    | |   |       |           |         | {
    | |   |       |           |         |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       |           |         |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |           |         |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       |           |         |   "IOClass" = "IONetworkStack"
    | |   |       |           |         |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |           |         |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |   |       |           |         |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | |   |       |           |         |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IONetworkStackUserClient"
    | |   |       |           |         |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |       |           |         | }
    | |   |       |           |         | 
    | |   |       |           |         +-o IONetworkStackUserClient  <class IONetworkStackUserClient, id 0x10000046c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |       |           |             {
    | |   |       |           |               "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 84, configd"
    | |   |       |           |               "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |       |           |             }
    | |   |       |           |             
    | |   |       |           +-o IOThunderboltPort@7  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x100000312, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (63 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |             | {
    | |   |       |             |   "Max Credits" = 0x18
    | |   |       |             |   "Description" = "Thunderbolt Native Host Interface Adapter"
    | |   |       |             |   "Port Number" = 0x7
    | |   |       |             |   "Max In Hop ID" = 0xb
    | |   |       |             |   "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |             |   "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |             |   "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |             |   "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |             |   "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |             |   "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |             |   "Max Out Hop ID" = 0xb
    | |   |       |             |   "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |             |   "Adapter Type" = 0x2
    | |   |       |             | }
    | |   |       |             | 
    | |   |       |             +-o IOThunderboltSwitchType3  <class IOThunderboltSwitchType3, id 0x100000313, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (39 ms), retain 32>
    | |   |       |               | {
    | |   |       |               |   "Depth" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"DesiredPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |       |               |   "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               |   "DPP Crossed" = No
    | |   |       |               |   "Max Port Number" = 0xd
    | |   |       |               |   "Self-Reset Count" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   "Device Model Name" = "Macintosh"
    | |   |       |               |   "Firmware Mode" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |   "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               |   "UID" = 0x1bd7e68684400
    | |   |       |               |   "ROM Version" = 0x58
    | |   |       |               |   "Device Vendor ID" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |   "Router ID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   "Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   "Device Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |       |               |   "EEPROM Revision" = 0x2
    | |   |       |               |   "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               |   "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               |   "Upstream Port Number" = 0x7
    | |   |       |               |   "Device Model ID" = 0xd
    | |   |       |               |   "Device Model Revision" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               | }
    | |   |       |               | 
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltIECSNub  <class IOThunderboltIECSNub, id 0x100000315, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |               | | {
    | |   |       |               | | }
    | |   |       |               | | 
    | |   |       |               | +-o AppleHPMIECS  <class AppleHPMIECS, id 0x100000377, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |       |               |   | {
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleHPMIECS"
    | |   |       |               |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHPM"
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOThunderboltIECSNub"
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"12A1DCCF-CF7A-4775-BEE5-9C4319F4CD2B"="AppleHPM.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleHPMLib.plugin"}
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleHPMUserClient"
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   |   "RID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |               |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHPM"
    | |   |       |               |   |   "Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHPM"
    | |   |       |               |   | }
    | |   |       |               |   | 
    | |   |       |               |   +-o AppleHPMDevice@0  <class AppleHPMDevice, id 0x100000379, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       |               |   |   {
    | |   |       |               |   |     "Version" = 0x205500
    | |   |       |               |   |     "Revision ID" = 0x22
    | |   |       |               |   |     "RID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   |     "Vendor ID" = 0x28
    | |   |       |               |   |     "Address" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   |     "Device ID" = 0xcd3218
    | |   |       |               |   |     "UUID" = "4D69F507-905C-3CB7-E64A-B8EAD3D16870"
    | |   |       |               |   |     "Revision" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   |     "Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   |   }
    | |   |       |               |   |   
    | |   |       |               |   +-o AppleHPMDevice@1  <class AppleHPMDevice, id 0x10000037e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       |               |       {
    | |   |       |               |         "Version" = 0x205500
    | |   |       |               |         "Revision ID" = 0x22
    | |   |       |               |         "RID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |         "Vendor ID" = 0x28
    | |   |       |               |         "Address" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |         "Device ID" = 0xcd3218
    | |   |       |               |         "UUID" = "9A74F507-F58C-9286-094C-82DF7F17A318"
    | |   |       |               |         "Revision" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |         "Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |       }
    | |   |       |               |       
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@1  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x100000316, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (37 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |               |   {
    | |   |       |               |     "Max In Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Type" = 0x4
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Width" = 0x3
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Credits" = 0x3c
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Lane" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Socket ID" = "1"
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               |     "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Type" = 0x5
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Port Number" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               |     "Link Bandwidth" = 0x64
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port" = 0x2
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Address" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Description" = "Thunderbolt Port"
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port RID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Adapter Type" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Address" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Version" = 0x14200
    | |   |       |               |     "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               |     "Bus Power" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Speed" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               |   }
    | |   |       |               |   
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@2  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x100000317, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (36 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |               |   {
    | |   |       |               |     "Max In Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Type" = 0x4
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Width" = 0x3
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Credits" = 0x3c
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Lane" = 0x2
    | |   |       |               |     "Socket ID" = "1"
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               |     "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Type" = 0x5
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Port Number" = 0x2
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               |     "Link Bandwidth" = 0x64
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Address" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Description" = "Thunderbolt Port"
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port RID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Adapter Type" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Address" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Version" = 0x14200
    | |   |       |               |     "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               |     "Bus Power" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Speed" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               |   }
    | |   |       |               |   
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@3  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x100000318, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (36 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |               |   {
    | |   |       |               |     "Max In Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Type" = 0x4
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Width" = 0x3
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Credits" = 0x3c
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Lane" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Socket ID" = "2"
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               |     "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Type" = 0x5
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Port Number" = 0x3
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               |     "Link Bandwidth" = 0x64
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port" = 0x4
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Address" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Description" = "Thunderbolt Port"
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port RID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Adapter Type" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Address" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Version" = 0x14200
    | |   |       |               |     "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               |     "Bus Power" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Speed" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               |   }
    | |   |       |               |   
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@4  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x100000319, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (36 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       |               |   {
    | |   |       |               |     "Max In Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Type" = 0x4
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Width" = 0x3
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Credits" = 0x3c
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Route String" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Lane" = 0x2
    | |   |       |               |     "Socket ID" = "2"
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x13
    | |   |       |               |     "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               |     "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Type" = 0x5
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Width" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Port Number" = 0x4
    | |   |       |               |     "Target Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               |     "Link Bandwidth" = 0x64
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port" = 0x3
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Address" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Supported Link Speed" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Description" = "Thunderbolt Port"
    | |   |       |               |     "Dual-Link Port RID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Adapter Type" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               |     "HPM Address" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               |     "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               |     "Micro Version" = 0x14200
    | |   |       |               |     "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               |     "Bus Power" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Current Link Speed" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               |   }
    | |   |       |               |   
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@5  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x10000031a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (38 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |       |               | | {
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Credits" = 0x18
    | |   |       |               | |   "Description" = "DP or HDMI Adapter"
    | |   |       |               | |   "Port Number" = 0x5
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max In Hop ID" = 0xff
    | |   |       |               | |   "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               | |   "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               | |   "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               | |   "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Out Hop ID" = 0xff
    | |   |       |               | |   "Sink" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               | |   "Adapter Type" = 0xe0101
    | |   |       |               | | }
    | |   |       |               | | 
    | |   |       |               | +-o AppleThunderboltDPInAdapterGFXPolicy1  <class AppleThunderboltDPInAdapterGFXPolicy1, id 0x10000037a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       |               |     {
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x1000
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOThunderboltPort"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOClass" = "AppleThunderboltDPInAdapterGFXPolicy1"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "Adapter Type" = 0xe0101
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |               |     }
    | |   |       |               |     
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@6  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x10000031b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (38 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |       |               | | {
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Credits" = 0x18
    | |   |       |               | |   "Description" = "DP or HDMI Adapter"
    | |   |       |               | |   "Port Number" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max In Hop ID" = 0xff
    | |   |       |               | |   "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               | |   "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               | |   "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               | |   "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Out Hop ID" = 0xff
    | |   |       |               | |   "Sink" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               | |   "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               | |   "Adapter Type" = 0xe0101
    | |   |       |               | | }
    | |   |       |               | | 
    | |   |       |               | +-o AppleThunderboltDPInAdapterGFXPolicy1  <class AppleThunderboltDPInAdapterGFXPolicy1, id 0x10000037c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       |               |     {
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x1000
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOThunderboltPort"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOClass" = "AppleThunderboltDPInAdapterGFXPolicy1"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "Adapter Type" = 0xe0101
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltDPInAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |               |     }
    | |   |       |               |     
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@8  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x10000031c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (37 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |               | | {
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Credits" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               | |   "Description" = "PCIe Adapter"
    | |   |       |               | |   "Port Number" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max In Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               | |   "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               | |   "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Device" = 0x1
    | |   |       |               | |   "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               | |   "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Function" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Path" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/RP05@1C,4/IOPP/UPSB@0/IOPP/DSB1@1"
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Entry ID" = 0x100000220
    | |   |       |               | |   "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               | |   "Adapter Type" = 0x100101
    | |   |       |               | | }
    | |   |       |               | | 
    | |   |       |               | +-o AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter  <class AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter, id 0x10000037d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |       |               |     {
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x1000
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOThunderboltPort"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOClass" = "AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "Adapter Type" = 0x100101
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |               |     }
    | |   |       |               |     
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@9  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x10000031d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (37 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |               | | {
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Credits" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               | |   "Description" = "PCIe Adapter"
    | |   |       |               | |   "Port Number" = 0x9
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max In Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               | |   "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               | |   "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Device" = 0x4
    | |   |       |               | |   "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               | |   "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               | |   "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Function" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Path" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/RP05@1C,4/IOPP/UPSB@0/IOPP/DSB4@4"
    | |   |       |               | |   "PCI Entry ID" = 0x10000023f
    | |   |       |               | |   "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               | |   "Adapter Type" = 0x100101
    | |   |       |               | | }
    | |   |       |               | | 
    | |   |       |               | +-o AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter  <class AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter, id 0x10000037b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |       |               |     {
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x1000
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOThunderboltPort"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOClass" = "AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "Adapter Type" = 0x100101
    | |   |       |               |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleThunderboltPCIDownAdapter"
    | |   |       |               |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |               |     }
    | |   |       |               |     
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@C  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x10000031e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (35 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       |               |   {
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Credits" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               |     "Description" = "Port is inactive"
    | |   |       |               |     "Port Number" = 0xc
    | |   |       |               |     "Max In Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               |     "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |               |     "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |               |     "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |     "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |               |     "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |               |     "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |               |     "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |               |     "Adapter Type" = 0x0
    | |   |       |               |   }
    | |   |       |               |   
    | |   |       |               +-o IOThunderboltPort@D  <class IOThunderboltPort, id 0x10000031f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (35 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       |                   {
    | |   |       |                     "Max Credits" = 0x8
    | |   |       |                     "Description" = "Port is inactive"
    | |   |       |                     "Port Number" = 0xd
    | |   |       |                     "Max In Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |                     "Hop Table" = ()
    | |   |       |                     "Thunderbolt Version" = 0x10
    | |   |       |                     "Maximum Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |                     "Required Bandwidth Allocated" = 0x0
    | |   |       |                     "Device ID" = 0x15ea
    | |   |       |                     "Revision ID" = 0x6
    | |   |       |                     "Max Out Hop ID" = 0x8
    | |   |       |                     "Vendor ID" = 0x8086
    | |   |       |                     "Adapter Type" = 0x0
    | |   |       |                   }
    | |   |       |                   
    | |   |       +-o DSB1@1  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000220, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x1700841
    | |   |       | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |       | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   |       | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0xc0060
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x30
    | |   |       | |   "pcidebug" = "8:1:0(134:134)"
    | |   |       | |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   "Thunderbolt Path" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/RP05@1C,4/IOPP/UPSB@0/IOPP/DSB0@0/IOPP/NHI0@0/AppleThunderboltHAL/AppleThunderboltNHIType3/IOThunderboltController/IOThunderboltPort@7/IOThunderboltSwitchType3/IOThunderboltPort@8"
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1041
    | |   |       | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x162
    | |   |       | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |       | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "Thunderbolt Entry ID" = 0x10000031c
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |       | |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000000000000008200000000000000000000000000000000000000c20000000000000000000000c2000000000000000000000000000000000000008100000000000000000000008100000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |       | |   "AAPL,slot-name" = <536c6f742d203100>
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   |       | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCITunnelLinkChange" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3135656100706369636c6173732c303630343030004453423100>
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "reg" = <0008080000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)"))$
    | |   |       | |   "device-id" = <ea150000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCITunnelID" = 0x100000301
    | |   |       | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   |       | |   "revision-id" = <06000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1100000007000000>,<0d00000000000100>)
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB1@10000"
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002f5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       |     {
    | |   |       |       "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |       |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |       "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |       |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |       "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"DesiredPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |       |       "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |     }
    | |   |       |     
    | |   |       +-o DSB2@2  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000023a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (159 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |       | | {
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |       | |   "PCIHotplugCapable" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x2600841
    | |   |       | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |       | |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   |       | |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       | |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0x40000
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x2
    | |   |       | |   "pcidebug" = "8:2:0(9:9)"
    | |   |       | |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x3
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x5041
    | |   |       | |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x162
    | |   |       | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   |       | |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   |       | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |       | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       | |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000090810000008200000000000090810000000000001000000000c20000000000000000000000c2000000000000000000000000000000000000008100000000000000000000008100000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   |       | |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   |       | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3135656100706369636c6173732c303630343030004453423200>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x40
    | |   |       | |   "reg" = <0010080000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOPCITunnelL1Enable" = No
    | |   |       | |   "device-id" = <ea150000>
    | |   |       | |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   |       | |   "revision-id" = <06000000>
    | |   |       | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1200000007000000>)
    | |   |       | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB2@20000"
    | |   |       | | }
    | |   |       | | 
    | |   |       | +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002f9, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (156 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |       |   | {
    | |   |       |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |       |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   |   "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       |   |   "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |       |   | }
    | |   |       |   | 
    | |   |       |   +-o XHC2@0  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000023b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (156 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |       |     | {
    | |   |       |     |   "assigned-addresses" = <1000098200000000000090810000000000000100>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1200000007000000>,<1400000000000100>)
    | |   |       |     |   "class-code" = <30030c00>
    | |   |       |     |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x81900000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | |   |       |     |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |       |     |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |       |     |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |       |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |       |     |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   |       |     |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |       |     |   "USBBusNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |       |     |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |       |     |   "name" = <706369383038362c3135656300>
    | |   |       |     |   "device-id" = <ec150000>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x2
    | |   |       |     |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x1
    | |   |       |     |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   |       |     |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3000706369383038362c3135656300706369636c6173732c306330333330005848433200>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |       |     |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x440841
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCITunnelL1Enable" = No
    | |   |       |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB2@20000/XHC2@0"
    | |   |       |     |   "subsystem-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "revision-id" = <06000000>
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1041
    | |   |       |     |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x2
    | |   |       |     |   "pcidebug" = "9:0:0"
    | |   |       |     |   "IOName" = "pci8086,15ec"
    | |   |       |     |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs$
    | |   |       |     |   "reg" = <00000900000000000000000000000000000000001000090200000000000000000000000000000100>
    | |   |       |     | }
    | |   |       |     | 
    | |   |       |     +-o XHC2@00000000  <class AppleUSBXHCITR, id 0x100000302, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 34>
    | |   |       |       | {
    | |   |       |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSBXHCITR"
    | |   |       |       |   "UsbCompanionHS" = ("XHC1")
    | |   |       |       |   "UsbCompanionFS" = ("XHC1")
    | |   |       |       |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIPCI"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |       |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1388
    | |   |       |       |   "locationID" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       |   "name" = <5848433200>
    | |   |       |       |   "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","USBBusNumber"=0x0,"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB2@20000/XHC2@0"}
    | |   |       |       |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | |   |       |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIPCI"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPCIPrimaryMatch" = "0x15e98086 0x15ec8086 0x15f08086 0x0b278086"
    | |   |       |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBXHCIPCI"
    | |   |       |       |   "UsbHostControllerDisableWakeSources" = Yes
    | |   |       |       |   "Revision" = <0103>
    | |   |       |       |   "IOPCITunnelCompatible" = Yes
    | |   |       |       |   "controller-statistics" = {"kControllerStatIOCount"=0x0,"kControllerStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="2339734ms (99%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="6ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kControllerStatSpuriousInterruptCount"=0x0}
    | |   |       |       |   "UsbCompanionLS" = ("XHC1")
    | |   |       |       |   "kUSBSleepSupported" = Yes
    | |   |       |       | }
    | |   |       |       | 
    | |   |       |       +-o SSP1@00100000  <class AppleUSB30XHCITypeCPort, id 0x100000360, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |       |       |   {
    | |   |       |       |     "UsbCompanionHS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<07000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |       |       |     "UsbCompanionFS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<07000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |       |       |     "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |       |       |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |       |       |     "link-error-count" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       |     "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       |     "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="2339737ms (100%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=$
    | |   |       |       |     "locationID" = 0x100000
    | |   |       |       |     "name" = "SSP1"
    | |   |       |       |     "UsbPowerSource" = 0x2
    | |   |       |       |     "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |       |       |     "device-properties" = {"UsbCPortNumber"=0x2,"kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"UsbPowerSource"=0x2,"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB2@20000/XHC2@0/RHUB@0/SSP1@3","acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"}
    | |   |       |       |     "UsbConnector" = 0x9
    | |   |       |       |     "port" = <03000000>
    | |   |       |       |     "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |       |       |     "UsbCPortNumber" = 0x2
    | |   |       |       |     "kUSBHostPortExternalDevicePowerController" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |       |       |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |       |       |     "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x100000360
    | |   |       |       |     "UsbCompanionLS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<07000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |       |       |     "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |       |       |   }
    | |   |       |       |   
    | |   |       |       +-o SSP2@00200000  <class AppleUSB30XHCITypeCPort, id 0x100000362, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |   |       |           {
    | |   |       |             "UsbCompanionHS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<0c000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |       |             "UsbCompanionFS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<0c000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |       |             "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |       |             "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |       |             "link-error-count" = 0x0
    | |   |       |             "kUSBBusCurrentSleepAllocation" = 0x0
    | |   |       |             "port-statistics" = {"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCurrentConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatPowerStateTime"={"kPowerStateOff"="2339737ms (100%)","kPowerStateSleep"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateOn"="0ms (0%)","kPowerStateSuspended"="0ms (0%)"},"kPortStatConnectCount"=0x0,"kPortStatRemoteWakeCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationRecoveryDuringResetCount"=0x0,"kPortStatAddressFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEOF2ViolationCount"=0x0,"kPortStatEnumerationFailureCount"=0x0,"kPortStatOverCurrentCount"=$
    | |   |       |             "locationID" = 0x200000
    | |   |       |             "name" = "SSP2"
    | |   |       |             "UsbPowerSource" = 0x2
    | |   |       |             "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0xbb8
    | |   |       |             "device-properties" = {"UsbCPortNumber"=0x1,"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB2@20000/XHC2@0/RHUB@0/SSP2@4","kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit"=0xbb8,"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","UsbPowerSource"=0x2,"UsbCompanionPortPresent"=0x1}
    | |   |       |             "UsbConnector" = 0x9
    | |   |       |             "port" = <04000000>
    | |   |       |             "port-status" = 0x0
    | |   |       |             "UsbCPortNumber" = 0x1
    | |   |       |             "kUSBHostPortExternalDevicePowerController" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |       |             "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |       |             "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x100000362
    | |   |       |             "UsbCompanionLS" = {"UsbCompanionPortNumber"=<0c000000>,"UsbCompanionControllerName"="XHC1"}
    | |   |       |             "kUSBBusCurrentAllocation" = 0x96
    | |   |       |           }
    | |   |       |           
    | |   |       +-o DSB4@4  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000023f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   |         | {
    | |   |         |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIMSIMode" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressLinkCapabilities" = 0x4700841
    | |   |         |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |         |   "class-code" = <00040600>
    | |   |         |   "IOName" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |         |   "#size-cells" = <02000000>
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressSlotCapabilities" = 0x240060
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIHPType" = 0x30
    | |   |         |   "pcidebug" = "8:4:0(11:11)"
    | |   |         |   "IOChildIndex" = 0x4
    | |   |         |   "Thunderbolt Path" = "IOService:/AppleACPIPlatformExpert/PCI0@0/AppleACPIPCI/RP05@1C,4/IOPP/UPSB@0/IOPP/DSB0@0/IOPP/NHI0@0/AppleThunderboltHAL/AppleThunderboltNHIType3/IOThunderboltController/IOThunderboltPort@7/IOThunderboltSwitchType3/IOThunderboltPort@9"
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressLinkStatus" = 0x1041
    | |   |         |   "pci-aspm-default" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressCapabilities" = 0x162
    | |   |         |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci","com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci.bridge"))
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIConfigured" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |         |   "IODTPersist" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "Thunderbolt Entry ID" = 0x10000031d
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"PowerOverrideOn"=Yes,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |         |   "ranges" = <0000008200000000000000000000008200000000000000000000000000000000000000c20000000000000000000000c2000000000000000000000000000000000000008100000000000000000000008100000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |         |   "AAPL,slot-name" = <536c6f742d203200>
    | |   |         |   "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x80
    | |   |         |   "name" = <7063692d62726964676500>
    | |   |         |   "IOPCITunnelLinkChange" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3135656100706369636c6173732c303630343030004453423400>
    | |   |         |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   |         |   "IOPCIExpressSlotStatus" = 0x0
    | |   |         |   "reg" = <0020080000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |         |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200010000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200010002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200010004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)"))$
    | |   |         |   "device-id" = <ea150000>
    | |   |         |   "IOPCITunnelID" = 0x100000301
    | |   |         |   "#address-cells" = <03000000>
    | |   |         |   "revision-id" = <06000000>
    | |   |         |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<0e00000000000100>)
    | |   |         |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/RP05@1c0004/UPSB@0/DSB4@40000"
    | |   |         | }
    | |   |         | 
    | |   |         +-o IOPP  <class IOPCI2PCIBridge, id 0x1000002fd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |             {
    | |   |               "IOProbeScore" = 0xffffffffffffff9c
    | |   |               "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |               "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |               "IOClass" = "IOPCI2PCIBridge"
    | |   |               "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |               "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOPCIFamily"
    | |   |               "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |               "IONameMatch" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |               "IOPowerManagement" = {"DesiredPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x3,"DriverPowerState"=0x2}
    | |   |               "IONameMatched" = "pci-bridge"
    | |   |             }
    | |   |             
    | |   +-o URT0@1E  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000269, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (119 ms), retain 11>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <10f0008240000000007041100000000000100000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1400000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00800700>
    | |   | |   "uart-channel-number" = <0000000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4010417000,"length"=0x1000}))
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <706369383038362c36613800>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <a8060000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36613800706369636c6173732c303738303030005552543000>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/URT0@1e0000"
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:30:0"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci8086,6a8"
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IORepo$
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00f000000000000000000000000000000000000010f0000200000000000000000000000000100000>
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o AppleIntelLpssUARTv1  <class AppleIntelLpssUARTv1, id 0x100000520, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (55 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "IOTTYBaseName" = "BLTH"
    | |   |   |   "compatible" = <6170706c652d756172742d626c746800>
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = ("URT0","URT1","URT2")
    | |   |   |   "Master Clock" = 0x2dc6c00
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "LpssUartUseSclkRange" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "URT0"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "IOTTYSuffix" = ""
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o BLTH@0  <class AppleSimpleUARTSync, id 0x10000026a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (55 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |     |   "IOTTYBaseName" = "BLTH"
    | |   |     |   "serial state" = 0xffffffffe46c0067
    | |   |     |   "parity" = <0000000000000000>
    | |   |     |   "baud" = <c0c62d0000000000>
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <6170706c652d756172742d626c746800>
    | |   |     |   "serial parity" = 0x1
    | |   |     |   "serial baud rate" = 0x5b8d80
    | |   |     |   "stopBits" = <0100000000000000>
    | |   |     |   "HiddenPort" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "serial data width" = 0x10
    | |   |     |   "serial flow control" = 0x24
    | |   |     |   "IOTTYSuffix" = ""
    | |   |     |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/URT0@1e0000/BLTH@0"
    | |   |     |   "serial stop bits" = 0x2
    | |   |     |   "dataBits" = <0800000000000000>
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport  <class IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport, id 0x10000053d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   |     | | {
    | |   |     | |   "IOClass" = "IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport"
    | |   |     | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport"
    | |   |     | |   "SupportBTPD" = Yes
    | |   |     | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |     | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IORS232SerialStreamSync"
    | |   |     | |   "SupportBTRS" = Yes
    | |   |     | |   "SupportNewIdlePolicy" = Yes
    | |   |     | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x7d0
    | |   |     | |   "SetBTRB" = No
    | |   |     | |   "SetBTPD" = No
    | |   |     | |   "IONameMatch" = "apple-uart-blth"
    | |   |     | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport"
    | |   |     | |   "LMPLoggingAvailable" = Yes
    | |   |     | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |     | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothHostControllerUARTTransport"
    | |   |     | |   "SupportBTRB" = Yes
    | |   |     | |   "IONameMatched" = "apple-uart-blth"
    | |   |     | |   "SetBTPower" = 0x0
    | |   |     | |   "SupportBTPU" = Yes
    | |   |     | |   "SetBTLP" = 0x0
    | |   |     | |   "LMPLoggingEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |     | |   "SetBTRS" = No
    | |   |     | |   "SetBTPU" = No
    | |   |     | |   "SupportBTLP" = Yes
    | |   |     | | }
    | |   |     | | 
    | |   |     | +-o IOBluetoothACPIMethods  <class IOBluetoothACPIMethods, id 0x100000540, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |     |     {
    | |   |     |     }
    | |   |     |     
    | |   |     +-o AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient  <class AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient, id 0x10000053e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |         {
    | |   |           "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |           "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleOnboardSerial"
    | |   |           "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient"
    | |   |           "IOClass" = "AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient"
    | |   |           "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleOnboardSerial"
    | |   |           "IOProviderClass" = "AppleOnboardSerialSync"
    | |   |           "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleOnboardSerial"
    | |   |           "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |         }
    | |   |         
    | |   +-o URT1@1E,1  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000026b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (79 ms), retain 10>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <10f1008240000000006041100000000000100000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1500000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00800700>
    | |   | |   "uart-channel-number" = <0100000000000000>
    | |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4010416000,"length"=0x1000}))
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <706369383038362c36613900>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <a9060000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36613900706369636c6173732c303738303030005552543100>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/URT1@1e0001"
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:30:1"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci8086,6a9"
    | |   | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IORepo$
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00f100000000000000000000000000000000000010f1000200000000000000000000000000100000>
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o AppleIntelLpssUARTv1  <class AppleIntelLpssUARTv1, id 0x10000051a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (17 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "IOTTYBaseName" = "URT1"
    | |   |   |   "compatible" = <>
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatch" = ("URT0","URT1","URT2")
    | |   |   |   "Master Clock" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   |   "LpssUartUseSclkRange" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   "IONameMatched" = "URT1"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelLpssUARTv1"
    | |   |   |   "IOTTYSuffix" = ""
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o AppleSimpleUARTSync  <class AppleSimpleUARTSync, id 0x10000051b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (17 ms), retain 9>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "serial flow control" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <>
    | |   |     |   "HiddenPort" = Yes
    | |   |     |   "IOTTYBaseName" = "URT1"
    | |   |     |   "serial state" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "serial data width" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "serial parity" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "serial baud rate" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "IOTTYSuffix" = ""
    | |   |     |   "serial stop bits" = 0x0
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient  <class AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient, id 0x100000522, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |     |   {
    | |   |     |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |     |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleOnboardSerial"
    | |   |     |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient"
    | |   |     |     "IOClass" = "AppleOnboardSerialBSDClient"
    | |   |     |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleOnboardSerial"
    | |   |     |     "IOProviderClass" = "AppleOnboardSerialSync"
    | |   |     |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleOnboardSerial"
    | |   |     |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |     |   }
    | |   |     |   
    | |   |     +-o IOSerialBSDClient  <class IOSerialBSDClient, id 0x100000523, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |         {
    | |   |           "IOClass" = "IOSerialBSDClient"
    | |   |           "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily"
    | |   |           "IOProviderClass" = "IOSerialStreamSync"
    | |   |           "IOTTYBaseName" = "URT1"
    | |   |           "IOSerialBSDClientType" = "IORS232SerialStream"
    | |   |           "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |           "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   |           "IOCalloutDevice" = "/dev/cu.URT1"
    | |   |           "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |           "IOTTYDevice" = "URT1"
    | |   |           "IODialinDevice" = "/dev/tty.URT1"
    | |   |           "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily"
    | |   |           "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily"
    | |   |           "IOTTYSuffix" = ""
    | |   |         }
    | |   |         
    | |   +-o LPCB@1F  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000260, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 18>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "name" = <706369383038362c36383500>
    | |   |     "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36383500706369636c6173732c303630313030004c50434200>
    | |   |     "IOName" = "pci8086,685"
    | |   |     "reg" = <00f8000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |   |     "device-id" = <85060000>
    | |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     "built-in" = <00>
    | |   |     "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |     "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "pcidebug" = "0:31:0"
    | |   |     "class-code" = <00010600>
    | |   |     "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/LPCB@1f0000"
    | |   |     "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   |     "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o pci8086,6c8@1F,3  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x10000028d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (115 ms), retain 8>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "acpi-pmcap-offset" = 0x50
    | |   |     "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36633800706369636c6173732c30343033303000>
    | |   |     "IOName" = "pci8086,6c8"
    | |   |     "reg" = <00fb00000000000000000000000000000000000010fb00020000000000000000000000000040000020fb000200000000000000000000000000001000>
    | |   |     "assigned-addresses" = <10fb00824000000000004110000000000040000020fb008240000000000020100000000000001000>
    | |   |     "device-id" = <c8060000>
    | |   |     "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |     "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   |     "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x4010410000,"length"=0x4000}),({"address"=0x4010200000,"length"=0x100000}))
    | |   |     "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   |     "pcidebug" = "0:31:3"
    | |   |     "class-code" = <00030400>
    | |   |     "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0","IOPCIMessagedInterruptController")
    | |   |     "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>,<0a00000000000100>)
    | |   |     "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   |     "name" = <706369383038362c36633800>
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o SBUS@1F,4  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000261, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (62 ms), retain 12>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "assigned-addresses" = <10fc00824000000000b04110000000000001000020fc008100000000404000000000000020000000>
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<1000000007000000>)
    | |   | |   "class-code" = <00050c00>
    | |   | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x401041b000,"length"=0x100}),"IOSubMemoryDescriptor is not serializable")
    | |   | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | |   "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "built-in" = <00>
    | |   | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |   | |   "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |   | |   "name" = <706369383038362c36613300>
    | |   | |   "device-id" = <a3060000>
    | |   | |   "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |   | |   "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36613300706369636c6173732c306330353030005342555300>
    | |   | |   "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |   | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/SBUS@1f0004"
    | |   | |   "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |   | |   "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |   | |   "pcidebug" = "0:31:4"
    | |   | |   "IOName" = "pci8086,6a3"
    | |   | |   "reg" = <00fc00000000000000000000000000000000000010fc00020000000000000000000000000001000020fc000100000000000000000000000020000000>
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o AppleSMBusPCI  <class AppleSMBusPCI, id 0x100000506, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (20 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusPCI"
    | |   |   |   "IOPCIClassMatch" = "0x0C050000"
    | |   |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleSMBusPCI"
    | |   |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusPCI"
    | |   |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOPCIDevice"
    | |   |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusPCI"
    | |   |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o BUS0@0  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001d5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (20 ms), retain 10>
    | |   |     | {
    | |   |     |   "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |     |   "_ADR" = 0x0
    | |   |     |   "contains-device" = "true"
    | |   |     |   "bus-architecture" = "ICH"
    | |   |     |   "compatible" = <736d62757300>
    | |   |     |   "device-properties" = {"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/SBUS@1f0004/BUS0@0"}
    | |   |     | }
    | |   |     | 
    | |   |     +-o AppleSMBusControllerICH  <class AppleSMBusControllerICH, id 0x100000509, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   |       | {
    | |   |       |   "IOClass" = "AppleSMBusControllerICH"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusController"
    | |   |       |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |   |       |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"contains-device"="true","bus-architecture"="ICH"}
    | |   |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |       |   "IOPlatformWakeAction" = 0x186a0
    | |   |       |   "IOPlatformSleepAction" = 0x186a0
    | |   |       |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatch" = "smbus"
    | |   |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |       |   "IONameMatched" = "smbus"
    | |   |       |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusController"
    | |   |       |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMBusController"
    | |   |       | }
    | |   |       | 
    | |   |       +-o BLC0  <class AppleSMBusDevice, id 0x10000050a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |           {
    | |   |             "_STA" = 0xf
    | |   |             "_ADR" = 0x0
    | |   |             "compatible" = <736d6275732d626c6300>
    | |   |             "device-properties" = {"refnum"=0x0,"address"=0x0,"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/SBUS@1f0004/BUS0@0/BLC0@0","fault-len"=0x4,"version"=0x3,"type"=0x49324300,"command"=0x0,"fault-off"=0x3,"acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"}
    | |   |           }
    | |   |           
    | |   +-o XSPI@1F,5  <class IOPCIDevice, id 0x100000265, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |       {
    | |         "name" = <706369383038362c36613400>
    | |         "pci-device-hidden" = <0100000000000000>
    | |         "subsystem-vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |         "compatible" = <706369383038362c3732373000706369383038362c36613400706369636c6173732c306338303030005853504900>
    | |         "IOName" = "pci8086,6a4"
    | |         "reg" = <00fd000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | |         "device-id" = <a4060000>
    | |         "IOServiceDEXTEntitlements" = (("com.apple.developer.driverkit.transport.pci"))
    | |         "IOPowerManagement" = {"CurrentPowerState"=0x2,"CapabilityFlags"=0x102,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x3}
    | |         "built-in" = <00>
    | |         "IOPCIResourced" = Yes
    | |         "revision-id" = <00000000>
    | |         "vendor-id" = <86800000>
    | |         "pcidebug" = "0:31:5"
    | |         "class-code" = <00800c00>
    | |         "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/XSPI@1f0005"
    | |         "subsystem-id" = <70720000>
    | |         "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | |       }
    | |       
    | +-o DMAC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001c9, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "name" = <504e503032303000>
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x0,"length"=0x20}),({"address"=0x81,"length"=0x11}),({"address"=0x93,"length"=0xd}),({"address"=0xc0,"length"=0x20}))
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o FWHD  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001ca, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "name" = <494e543038303000>
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0xff000000,"length"=0x1000000}))
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IPIC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001cb, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x20,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x24,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x28,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x2c,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x30,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x34,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x38,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x3c,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xa0,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xa4,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xa8,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xac,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xb0,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xb4,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xb8,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xbc,"length"=0x2}),({"ad$
    | |     "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |     "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0200000000000000>)
    | |     "name" = <504e503030303000>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o MATH  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001cc, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0xf0,"length"=0x1}))
    | |     "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | |     "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0d00000000000000>)
    | |     "name" = <504e503043303400>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o LDRC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001cd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x2e,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x4e,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0x61,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0x63,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0x65,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0x67,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0x80,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0x92,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0xb2,"length"=0x2}),({"address"=0xffff,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0x1800,"length"=0xff}),({"address"=0x800,"length"=0x80}))
    | |     "_UID" = "2"
    | |     "name" = <504e503043303200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o ARTC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001ce, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (28 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "name" = <414350493030304500>
    | | |   "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleSMCRTC  <class AppleSMCRTC, id 0x100000281, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMCRTC"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleSMCRTC"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMCRTC"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMCRTC"
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |       "IONameMatch" = "ACPI000E"
    | |       "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "ACPI000E"
    | |       "IOPlatformWakeAction" = 0x2710
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o TIMR  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001cf, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "name" = <504e503031303000>
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x40,"length"=0x4}),({"address"=0x50,"length"=0x4}))
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o SMC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001d0, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (132 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x300,"length"=0x20}),({"address"=0xfe0b0000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | | |   "compatible" = <736d632d6875726f6e726976657200>
    | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("io-apic-0")
    | | |   "_STA" = 0xb
    | | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0600000000000000>)
    | | |   "name" = <4150503030303100>
    | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IOReportCh$
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleSMC  <class AppleSMC, id 0x10000027f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (114 ms), retain 18>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleSMC"
    | |   |   "NumIrqMissWithKeyStatOk" = 0x0
    | |   |   "IOPlatformSleepAction" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   |   "IOPlatformPanicAction" = 0x15ba8
    | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMC"
    | |   |   "ShutdownCause" = "-14"
    | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x7d0
    | |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleSMCClient"
    | |   |   "smc-count" = 0x1
    | |   |   "IOMode" = "MMIO"
    | |   |   "NumDirtyArbitration" = 0x0
    | |   |   "IONameMatch" = "APP0001"
    | |   |   "IOPlatformHaltRestartAction" = 0x15ba8
    | |   |   "NumIrqMissing" = 0x0
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMC"
    | |   |   "Generation" = 0x3
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSMC"
    | |   |   "IONameMatched" = "APP0001"
    | |   |   "NumIrqMissWithAttnSet" = 0x0
    | |   |   "NumIrqMissWithKeyDoneSet" = 0x0
    | |   |   "IOPlatformWakeAction" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o SMCWatchDogTimer  <class SMCWatchDogTimer, id 0x10000028a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "PanicWatchdogEnabled" = Yes
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o IOWatchdogUserClient  <class IOWatchdogUserClient, id 0x100000457, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |     {
    | |   |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 101, watchdogd"
    | |   |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |     }
    | |   |     
    | |   +-o KextAudit  <class KextAudit, id 0x1000002a9, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.private.KextAudit"
    | |   | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "KextAudit"
    | |   | |   "IOClass" = "KextAudit"
    | |   | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.private.KextAudit"
    | |   | |   "IOProviderClass" = "AppleSMC"
    | |   | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.private.KextAudit"
    | |   | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "KextAuditUserClient"
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o KextAuditUserClient  <class KextAuditUserClient, id 0x100000493, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   |     {
    | |   |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 108, kernelmanagerd"
    | |   |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |     }
    | |   |     
    | |   +-o AppleSMCPMC  <class AppleSMCPMC, id 0x100000526, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x7d0
    | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelPCHPMC"
    | |   |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleSMCPMC"
    | |   |     "IOClass" = "AppleSMCPMC"
    | |   |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelPCHPMC"
    | |   |     "IOPropertyMatch" = {"Generation"=0x3}
    | |   |     "IOProviderClass" = "AppleSMC"
    | |   |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelPCHPMC"
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o AppleSMCClient  <class AppleSMCClient, id 0x100000656, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 82, systemstats"
    | |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o AppleSMCClient  <class AppleSMCClient, id 0x10000065d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |   |   {
    | |   |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | |   |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |   }
    | |   |   
    | |   +-o AppleSMCClient  <class AppleSMCClient, id 0x10000073b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |       {
    | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |       }
    | |       
    | +-o EC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001d1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | |   {
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0x62,"length"=0x1}),({"address"=0x66,"length"=0x1}))
    | |     "_UID" = "0"
    | |     "name" = <504e503043303900>
    | |     "acpi-wake-gpe" = 0x6f
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o GPUC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001d2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (76 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "_STA" = 0xb
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0xfe0b0200,"length"=0x8}))
    | |     "name" = <4150503030304200>
    | |     "acpi-wake-gpe" = 0x15
    | |     "compatible" = <6770756300>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PMCR  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001d3, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (63 ms), retain 9>
    | | | {
    | | |   "name" = <4150503938373600>
    | | |   "_STA" = 0xb
    | | |   "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0xfe000000,"length"=0x10000}))
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPIPMC  <class AppleACPIPMC, id 0x10000051e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelPCHPMC"
    | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleACPIPMC"
    | |       "IOClass" = "AppleACPIPMC"
    | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelPCHPMC"
    | |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelPCHPMC"
    | |       "IONameMatch" = ("APP9876")
    | |       "IntelPCH" = Yes
    | |       "IONameMatched" = "APP9876"
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o BLTH@0  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001dd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   {
    | |     "acpi-wake-gpe" = 0x6f
    | |     "compatible" = <6170706c652d756172742d626c746800>
    | |     "_UID" = "1"
    | |     "device-properties" = {"dataBits"=<0800000000000000>,"stopBits"=<0100000000000000>,"baud"=<c0c62d0000000000>,"parity"=<0000000000000000>,"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PCI0@0/URT0@1e0000/BLTH@0","acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"}
    | |     "_STA" = 0xf
    | |     "_ADR" = 0x0
    | |     "name" = <42434d3245374300>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PDRC  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001df, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | |     "IODeviceMemory" = (({"address"=0xfed10000,"length"=0x8000}),({"address"=0xfed18000,"length"=0x1000}),({"address"=0xfed19000,"length"=0x1000}),({"address"=0xe0000000,"length"=0x10000000}),({"address"=0xfed20000,"length"=0x20000}),({"address"=0xfed90000,"length"=0x4000}),({"address"=0xfed45000,"length"=0x4b000}),({"address"=0xff000000,"length"=0x1000000}),({"address"=0xfee00000,"length"=0x100000}),({"address"=0x40000000,"length"=0x400000}),({"address"=0xfd000000,"length"=0x1000000}),({"address"=0xfe010000,"length"=0x1000}),({"addres$
    | |     "_UID" = "1"
    | |     "name" = <504e503043303200>
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o PWRB  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001fa, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Interrupt Statistics (by index)","IOReportChannels"=((0x496e747200000000,0x100020001,"               First Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000001,0x100020001,"              Second Level Interrupt Handler Count"),(0x496e747200000002,0x100020001,"        First Level Interrupt Handler Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000003,0x100020001,"   Second Level Interrupt Handler CPU Time (MATUs)"),(0x496e747200000004,0x100020001,"Second Level Interrupt Handler System Time (MATUs)")),"IOReportCh$
    | | |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | | |   "IOInterruptControllers" = ("ACPIEventController")
    | | |   "_STA" = 0xffffffffffffffff
    | | |   "IOInterruptSpecifiers" = (<0200000000000000>)
    | | |   "name" = <504e503043304300>
    | | |   "acpi-wake-type" = 0x1
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPIButton  <class AppleACPIButton, id 0x100000282, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleACPIButton"
    | |   |   "PressCountDoublePressTimeout" = 0x493e0
    | |   |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   "HIDServiceGlobalModifiersUsage" = 0x2
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |   |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   "PressCountTrackingEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |   "power-button-usage" = 0x30
    | |   |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   "PressCountTriplePressTimeout" = 0x927c0
    | |   |   "VendorIDSource" = 0x0
    | |   |   "power-button-usagepage" = 0xc
    | |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDEventServiceUserClient"
    | |   |   "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | |   |   "IONameMatch" = ("PNP0C0C","power-button","PNP0C0E","sleep-button")
    | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   "VendorID" = 0x0
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIButtons"
    | |   |   "VersionNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIButtons"
    | |   |   "HIDEventServiceProperties" = {"HIDMouseKeysOptionToggles"=0x0,"JitterNoClick"=0x1,"ActuateDetents"=0x1,"Dragging"=0x0,"HIDSlowKeysDelay"=0x0,"JitterNoMove"=0x1,"FlipLeftAndRightEdgeGestures"=No,"HIDTrackpadScrollAcceleration"=0x5000,"HIDInitialKeyRepeat"=0x1dcd6500,"TrackpadThreeFingerHorizSwipeGesture"=0x2,"TrackpadThreeFingerDrag"=No,"MTGestureConfiguration"={"Version"=0x1,"Behaviors"=({"BehaviorID"=0x5})},"HIDPointerAcceleration"=0xb000,"UserPreferences"=Yes,"HIDDefaultParameters"=Yes,"HIDMouseKeysOn"=0x0,"HIDF12EjectDelay"=0$
    | |   |   "IONameMatched" = "PNP0C0C"
    | |   |   "LocationID" = 0x0
    | |   |   "ProductID" = 0x0
    | |   |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   "ReportInterval" = 0x4650
    | |   |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o IOHIDEventServiceUserClient  <class IOHIDEventServiceUserClient, id 0x1000005db, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |       {
    | |         "DebugState" = {"EventQueue"={"NoFullMsg"=0x0,"tail"=0x0,"NotificationForce"=0x0,"NotificationCount"=0x0,"head"=0x0}}
    | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |       }
    | |       
    | +-o PNLF@0  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001fc, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (198 ms), retain 10>
    | | | {
    | | |   "refnum" = 0x0
    | | |   "compatible" = <6261636b6c6967687400>
    | | |   "acpi-path" = "IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PNLF@0"
    | | |   "acpi-device" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable"
    | | |   "_UID" = "16"
    | | |   "device-properties" = {"acpi-path"="IOACPIPlane:/_SB/PNLF@0","acpi-device"="IOACPIPlatformDevice is not serializable","refnum"=0x0,"type"=0x49324300,"version"=0x3}
    | | |   "version" = 0x3
    | | |   "_STA" = 0xb
    | | |   "type" = 0x49324300
    | | |   "_ADR" = 0x0
    | | |   "name" = <4150503030303200>
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleMCCSControlGibraltar  <class AppleMCCSControlGibraltar, id 0x10000054f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 10>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSControlGibraltar"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleMCCSUserClient"
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x1770
    | |   |   "IONameMatch" = "backlight"
    | |   |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODisplayParameters"
    | |   |   "IONameMatched" = "backlight"
    | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   |   "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o AppleMCCSParameterHandler  <class AppleMCCSParameterHandler, id 0x100000554, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |       {
    | |         "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |         "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |         "IOMatchCategory" = "IODisplayParameters"
    | |         "IOClass" = "AppleMCCSParameterHandler"
    | |         "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |         "IOKitDebug" = 0x0
    | |         "AppleMCCSFeatures" = 0x1
    | |         "IOProviderClass" = "AppleMCCSControlFamily"
    | |         "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMCCSControl"
    | |         "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |       }
    | |       
    | +-o SLPB  <class IOACPIPlatformDevice, id 0x1000001fd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | | | {
    | | |   "name" = <504e503043304500>
    | | |   "_STA" = 0xb
    | | |   "DeviceOpenedByEventSystem" = Yes
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleACPIButton  <class AppleACPIButton, id 0x100000283, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleACPIButton"
    | |   |   "PressCountDoublePressTimeout" = 0x493e0
    | |   |   "HIDDefaultBehavior" = ""
    | |   |   "HIDServiceGlobalModifiersUsage" = 0x2
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOACPIPlatformDevice"
    | |   |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   "PressCountTrackingEnabled" = Yes
    | |   |   "power-button-usage" = 0x30
    | |   |   "DeviceUsagePairs" = ({"DeviceUsagePage"=0xc,"DeviceUsage"=0x1})
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   "PressCountTriplePressTimeout" = 0x927c0
    | |   |   "VendorIDSource" = 0x0
    | |   |   "power-button-usagepage" = 0xc
    | |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDEventServiceUserClient"
    | |   |   "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | |   |   "IONameMatch" = ("PNP0C0C","power-button","PNP0C0E","sleep-button")
    | |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"7DDEECA8-A7B4-11DA-8A0E-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin","FA12FA38-6F1A-11D4-BA0C-0005028F18D5"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDLib.plugin"}
    | |   |   "CountryCode" = 0x0
    | |   |   "VendorID" = 0x0
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIButtons"
    | |   |   "VersionNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleACPIButtons"
    | |   |   "HIDEventServiceProperties" = {"HIDMouseKeysOptionToggles"=0x0,"JitterNoClick"=0x1,"ActuateDetents"=0x1,"Dragging"=0x0,"HIDSlowKeysDelay"=0x0,"JitterNoMove"=0x1,"FlipLeftAndRightEdgeGestures"=No,"HIDTrackpadScrollAcceleration"=0x5000,"HIDInitialKeyRepeat"=0x1dcd6500,"TrackpadThreeFingerHorizSwipeGesture"=0x2,"TrackpadThreeFingerDrag"=No,"MTGestureConfiguration"={"Version"=0x1,"Behaviors"=({"BehaviorID"=0x5})},"HIDPointerAcceleration"=0xb000,"UserPreferences"=Yes,"HIDDefaultParameters"=Yes,"HIDMouseKeysOn"=0x0,"HIDF12EjectDelay"=0$
    | |   |   "IONameMatched" = "PNP0C0E"
    | |   |   "LocationID" = 0x0
    | |   |   "ProductID" = 0x0
    | |   |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x1
    | |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   "ReportInterval" = 0x4650
    | |   |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xc
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o IOHIDEventServiceUserClient  <class IOHIDEventServiceUserClient, id 0x1000005da, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |       {
    | |         "DebugState" = {"EventQueue"={"NoFullMsg"=0x0,"tail"=0x0,"NotificationForce"=0x0,"NotificationCount"=0x0,"head"=0x0}}
    | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |       }
    | |       
    | +-o AppleEFIRuntime  <class AppleEFIRuntime, id 0x100000284, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (236 ms), retain 8>
    |   | {
    |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleEFIRuntime"
    |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleEFIRuntime"
    |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleEFIRuntime"
    |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleEFIRuntime"
    |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "AppleACPIPlatformExpert"
    |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleEFIRuntime"
    |   |   "IOResourceMatch" = "ACPI"
    |   | }
    |   | 
    |   +-o AppleEFINVRAM  <class AppleEFINVRAM, id 0x100000288, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 58>
    |       {
    |         "efi-boot-device" = <3c61727261793e3c646963743e3c6b65793e494f4d617463683c2f6b65793e3c646963743e3c6b65793e494f50726f7669646572436c6173733c2f6b65793e3c737472696e673e494f4d656469613c2f737472696e673e3c6b65793e494f50726f70657274794d617463683c2f6b65793e3c646963743e3c6b65793e555549443c2f6b65793e3c737472696e673e41324641323234302d344436332d344444442d413942302d3532353043303139433534353c2f737472696e673e3c2f646963743e3c2f646963743e3c6b65793e424c4c6173744253444e616d653c2f6b65793e3c737472696e673e6469736b3173323c2f737472696e673e3c2f646963743e3c$
    |         "fmm-mobileme-token-FMM" = <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$
    |         "multiupdater-state" = <010000000000000000000000>
    |         "prev-lang:kbd" = <656e3a3239>
    |         "EFIBluetoothDelay" = <b80b>
    |         "IONVRAM-SYNCNOW-PROPERTY" = <494f4e5652414d2d53594e434e4f572d50524f5045525459>
    |         "PSFU_STATUS" = <4e4f555044>
    |         "LocationServicesEnabled" = <01>
    |         "preferred-networks" = <000000000000000004000500090000004b504c2d5374616666000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000500000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000020000000e991a057578fe30cc63effa1714d61a97a6f78c470aec5965a15d9cde81de924>
    |         "fmm-mobileme-token-FMM-BridgeHasAccount" = <4272696467654861734163636f756e7456616c7565>
    |         "preferred-count" = 0x1
    |         "fmm-computer-name" = <43482d694d4143>
    |         "backlight-level" = <7c89>
    |         "display-config" = <000025017308ffff0100>
    |         "prev-lang-diags:kbd" = <656e2d434100>
    |         "efi-backup-boot-device" = <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$
    |         "efi-backup-boot-device-data" = <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$
    |         "bluetoothActiveControllerInfo" = <9600ac0500000000000088665a0af616>
    |         "multiupdater-retry-limits" = <0100000000000000>
    |         "previous-system-uuid" = <35433742373739432d414539332d344442422d414231452d454345413742383636343735>
    |         "auto-boot" = <74727565>
    |         "ota-updateType" = <696e6372656d656e74616c00>
    |         "HW_BOOT_DATA" = <01000000030609000031202331000000000000000000000000070900000245233100000000000000000000000008090000113201010000000000000000000000000909000030312203000000000000000000000000000900000620143100000000000000000000000001090000552016310000000000000000000000000209000028591631000000000000000000000000030900000018173100000000000000000000000004090000501819310000000000000000000000000509000040192131000000000000000000000000>
    |         "SystemAudioVolume" = <10>
    |         "ota-controllerVersion" = <53554d6163436f6e74726f6c6c65722d312e313100>
    |         "efi-boot-device-data" = <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$
    |         "GPUROM" = <4e555044>
    |         "bluetoothInternalControllerInfo" = <9600ac050000000088665a0af616>
    |       }
    |       
    +-o IOResources  <class IOResources, id 0x100000117, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (755 ms), retain 56>
    | | {
    | |   "WindowServer" = "IOService"
    | |   "intel_cpupm_matching" = 0x3
    | |   "AppleUSBRestrictedModeWithReason" = 0x0
    | |   "AppleUSBRestrictedMode" = No
    | |   "IOBSD" = "IOService"
    | |   "IOResourceMatched" = ("intel_cpupm_matching","IOKit","IOTimeSyncTime","AppleUSBRestrictedModeWithReason","AppleUSBRestrictedMode","AppleUSBRestrictedModeTimeout","AKSFileSystemKeyServices","AKSKernelServices","AKSFileVaultServices","IOResourceMatched","ACPI","SMBIOS","efi-runtime","IORTC","CCPipe","IOPlatformUUID","IONVRAM","com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type1","IOBSD","com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type5","com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type3","com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type4","com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type7","com.apple.AppleFSC$
    | |   "ACPI" = "AppleACPIPlatformExpert is not serializable"
    | |   "AppleUSBRestrictedModeTimeout" = 0x3f480
    | |   "IONVRAM" = "IOService"
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type10" = Yes
    | |   "IOPlatformDeviceASPMEnable" = "X86PlatformPlugin is not serializable"
    | |   "IOAVBNub" = "IOService"
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type1" = Yes
    | |   "IOTimeSyncTime" = "IOService"
    | |   "SMBIOS" = "IOService"
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type11" = Yes
    | |   "AppleBCMWLANCoreFirmwareLoader" = "IOService"
    | |   "IOAFTriage-GFX0" = <0102030405060708090a0b0c0d0e0f101112131415161718191a>
    | |   "IORTC" = "AppleSMCRTC is not serializable"
    | |   "IOSerialManagerMustLoad" = Yes
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type3" = Yes
    | |   "AKSFileSystemKeyServices" = "AppleKeyStore is not serializable"
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type12" = Yes
    | |   "boot-uuid-media" = "AppleAPFSVolume is not serializable"
    | |   "IOPlatformPlugin" = "X86PlatformPlugin is not serializable"
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type4" = Yes
    | |   "als-lgp-version" = 0x7
    | |   "com.apple.display.ArmTBTTO" = Yes
    | |   "GmuxS0iReady" = "X86PlatformPlugin is not serializable"
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type5" = Yes
    | |   "AKSFileVaultServices" = "AppleKeyStore is not serializable"
    | |   "efi-runtime" = "AppleEFIRuntime is not serializable"
    | |   "AKSKernelServices" = "AppleKeyStore is not serializable"
    | |   "CCPipe" = "IOService"
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type7" = Yes
    | |   "com.apple.iokit.SCSISubsystemGlobals" = Yes
    | |   "FB_Triage" = "FB Driver Info :  59 0 3a 39 ff"
    | |   "AMDRadeonLoadSvcMgr" = Yes
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type8" = Yes
    | |   "IOKit" = "IOService"
    | |   "Triage" = "0102030405060708090a0b0c0d0e0f101112131415161718191a1b1c1d1e1f20"
    | |   "IOPlatformUUID" = "D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B"
    | |   "IOAFTriage-IGPU" = <0102030405060708090a0b0c0d0e0f101112131415161718191a>
    | |   "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.Type9" = Yes
    | |   "IOTimeSyncClockManager" = "IOService"
    | |   "IOConsoleUsers" = ({"kCGSSessionOnConsoleKey"=Yes,"kCGSSessionAuditIDKey"=0x186aa,"kSCSecuritySessionID"=0x186aa,"kCGSessionLongUserNameKey"="User","kCGSSessionLoginwindowSafeLogin"=No,"kCGSSessionUserIDKey"=0x1f7,"kCGSessionLoginDoneKey"=Yes,"kCGSSessionIDKey"=0x101,"kCGSSessionGroupIDKey"=0x14,"kCGSSessionSystemSafeBoot"=No,"kCGSSessionUserNameKey"="user"})
    | |   "IOConsoleUsersSeed" = <05000000>
    | | }
    | | 
    | +-o AppleCredentialManager  <class AppleCredentialManager, id 0x10000011c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 15>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleCredentialManager"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleCredentialManager"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "TRM_CacheMiss" = No
    | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleCredentialManagerUserClient"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleCredentialManager"
    | | |   "TRM_PolicyTimeout" = 0x3f480
    | | |   "TRM_PolicyReason" = 0x0
    | | |   "ACMTRMStore_AnalyticsLoad" = <0500000000000000d4812f610000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000>
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleCredentialManager"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleCredentialManager"
    | | |   "TRM_GracePeriodTimeout" = 0x2a300
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleCredentialManagerUserClient  <class AppleCredentialManagerUserClient, id 0x100000471, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 134, AppleCredentialM"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleCredentialManagerUserClient  <class AppleCredentialManagerUserClient, id 0x10000069f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 415, coreauthd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleCredentialManagerUserClient  <class AppleCredentialManagerUserClient, id 0x1000007f3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 852, coreauthd"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o AppleFDEKeyStore  <class AppleFDEKeyStore, id 0x10000011d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleFDEKeyStore"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleFDEKeyStore"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleFDEKeyStore"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleFDEKeyStore"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleFDEKeyStoreUserClient"
    | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleKeyStore  <class AppleKeyStore, id 0x10000011e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 35>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleKeyStore"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleKeyStore"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleKeyStore"
    | | |   "IOPlatformWakeAction" = 0x3e8
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleKeyStore"
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleKeyStoreUserClient"
    | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x10000046b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 118, opendirectoryd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x100000481, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 74, UserEventAgent"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000004d1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 281, containermanager"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x100000577, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 323, containermanager"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000005dc, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 301, biometrickitd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x10000068a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 395, GSSCred"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000006a0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 418, securityd_servic"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000006a1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 418, securityd_servic"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000006a2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000006bb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 434, secd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000006c5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 454, containermanager"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000006c8, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 475, CloudKeychainPro"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000006cb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 480, ctkd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x100000708, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 446, rapportd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x10000071b, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 510, corespeechd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x10000072e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 527, sharingd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x100000732, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 527, sharingd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x10000073a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x10000073e, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 572, WeatherWidget"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x100000757, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 530, cloudpaird"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000007a4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 297, mobileactivation"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000007f2, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 823, appstoreagent"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000007f4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 853, iCloudNotificati"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000007fa, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 887, secd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleKeyStoreUserClient  <class AppleKeyStoreUserClient, id 0x1000007fb, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 889, containermanager"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o AppleSSE  <class AppleSSE, id 0x10000011f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSSE"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleSSE"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleSSE"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSSE"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleSSE"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleSSEUserClient"
    | |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o CoreAnalyticsHub  <class CoreAnalyticsHub, id 0x100000120, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOClass" = "CoreAnalyticsHub"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.CoreAnalyticsFamily"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "CoreAnalyticsUserClient"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Hub Stats","IOReportChannels"=((0x4573692020202020,0x180000001,"API calls"),(0x4573702020202020,0x180000001,"Pending Retained Items"),(0x4573662020202020,0x180000001,"API dropped and freed"),(0x45736d2020202020,0x180000001,"Serialized Messages"),(0x4573622020202020,0x180000001,"Serialized Message Bytes"),(0x4573662020202020,0x180000001,"Serializing Failures"),(0x45756d2020202020,0x180000001,"MessageClient Sent"),(0x45756c2020202020,0x180000001,"UserClient Launches"),(0x4575632020202020,0x18$
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "CoreAnalyticsHub"
    | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.CoreAnalyticsFamily"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.CoreAnalyticsFamily"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o CoreAnalyticsUserClient  <class CoreAnalyticsUserClient, id 0x1000004dc, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 154, analyticsd"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o EndpointSecurityDriver  <class EndpointSecurityDriver, id 0x100000121, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.EndpointSecurity"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "EndpointSecurityDriver"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "EndpointSecurityDriver"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.EndpointSecurity"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.EndpointSecurity"
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "EndpointSecurityDriverClient"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o EndpointSecurityDriverClient  <class EndpointSecurityDriverClient, id 0x100000453, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 85, endpointsecurity"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o IOBluetoothHCIController  <class IOBluetoothHCIController, id 0x100000122, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 26>
    | | | {
    | | |   "ClassOfDevice" = 0x380104
    | | |   "SkipAutoFWUpdate" = No
    | | |   "BootFromROM" = No
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothFamily"
    | | |   "BluetoothDeviceAddress" = "88-66-5A-0A-F6-16"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOBluetoothHCIController"
    | | |   "a8-91-3d-3c-ef-cb" = {"VendorIDSource"=0x1,"LinkSupervisionTimeout"=0x1f40,"VendorID"=0x4c,"CountryCode"=0x0,"HIDVirtualDevice"=No,"Product"="Magic Mouse 2","VersionNumber"=0x107,"QoSLatency"=0x2bf2,"ProductID"=0x269,"Transport"="Bluetooth","ReportDescriptor"=<05010902a10185120509190129021500250195027501810295017506810305010901a1001601f826ff073601fb46ff046513550d09300931751095028106750895028101c00602ff09558555150026ff0075089540b1a2c00600ff0914a101859005847501950315002501096105850944094681029505810175089501150026ff0009658102c0>,"Cl$
    | | |   "SupportBTRS" = Yes
    | | |   "RemoteWakeEnabled" = Yes
    | | |   "BluetoothLocalName" = "CH-iMAC"
    | | |   "ActiveControllerInfo" = {"ActiveControllerProductID"=0x96,"ActiveControllerActiveConnections"=0x0,"ActiveControllerLocationID"=0x0,"ActiveControllerVendorID"=0x5ac,"ActiveControllerAddress"=<88665a0af616>}
    | | |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | | |   "TransportType" = "UART"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "HCIRevision" = 0x105b
    | | |   "DefaultIdleTime" = 0x1f4
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOBluetoothHCIController"
    | | |   "SupportDPLE" = Yes
    | | |   "SupportWoBT" = Yes
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0x425420506f776572,0x400020002,"Bluetooth Internal Power State")),"IOReportGroupName"="Bluetooth","IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x100007600000001}},{"IOReportChannels"=((0x4274546d72457870,0x100040001,"                       Total number of times Bluetooth Idle Timer expired"),(0x4164527074437472,0x100040001,"      Total number of BTLE Advertising Reports received (including Apple)"),(0x4861736800000000,0x100040001,"                                  Apple BTLE Advertising Rep$
    | | |   "ChipsetID" = 0x96
    | | |   "SupportBTPD" = Yes
    | | |   "SupportBTLP" = Yes
    | | |   "ConfigState" = 0x0
    | | |   "HCIVersion" = 0x9
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothFamily"
    | | |   "AllowedIncomingRFCOMMChannels" = ({"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x1},{"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x2},{"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x4},{"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x3})
    | | |   "BluetoothTransportConnected" = Yes
    | | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | | |   "HCIControllerPowerIsOn" = Yes
    | | |   "HCIResetHappenedDuringWake" = No
    | | |   "SupportPowerOff" = Yes
    | | |   "SupportConcurrentCreateConnection" = No
    | | |   "SupportNewIdlePolicy" = Yes
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothFamily"
    | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | | |   "FeatureFlags" = 0xf
    | | |   "HCISupportedFeatures" = <877bffdbfecffebf>
    | | |   "ManufacturerName" = 0xf
    | | |   "LMPSubversion" = 0x2041
    | | |   "BluetoothVendor" = "AppleBroadcom"
    | | |   "SupportBTPU" = Yes
    | | |   "PowerOptions" = 0x7
    | | |   "SetBTPD" = No
    | | |   "SetBTLP" = 0x0
    | | |   "BluetoothDeviceAddressData" = <88665a0af616>
    | | |   "ActiveBluetoothControllerVendor" = "Broadcom"
    | | |   "FirmwareVersion" = 0x41
    | | |   "SetBTRB" = No
    | | |   "SupportDeepIdle" = No
    | | |   "SetBTPower" = 0x0
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "SupportLighthouse" = Yes
    | | |   "LocalDeviceScanState" = 0x2
    | | |   "SupportBTRB" = Yes
    | | |   "LMPVersion" = 0x9
    | | |   "LMPLoggingEnabled" = Yes
    | | |   "idProduct" = 0x96
    | | |   "SetBTPU" = No
    | | |   "64-0b-d7-14-c2-5d" = {"VendorIDSource"=0x1,"LinkSupervisionTimeout"=0x1f40,"VendorID"=0x4c,"CountryCode"=0x0,"HIDVirtualDevice"=No,"Product"="Magic Keyboard","VersionNumber"=0x107,"QoSLatency"=0x2bf2,"ProductID"=0x267,"Transport"="Bluetooth","ReportDescriptor"=<05010906a101850105071500250119e029e775019508810295057501050819012905910295017503910395087501150025010600ff09038103950675081500256505071900296581009501750115002501050c09b88102950175010601ff090381029501750681030602ff09558555150026ff0075089540b1a2c00600ff0914a10185900584750195$
    | | |   "SetBTRS" = No
    | | |   "FirmwareVersionString" = "v65 c4187"
    | | |   "AllowedIncomingL2CAPChannels" = ({"PSM"=0x3},{"PSM"=0x1},{"PSM"=0x1f},{"PSM"=0x11},{"PSM"=0x13},{"PSM"=0xf},{"PSM"=0x17},{"PSM"=0x19})
    | | |   "LocationID" = 0x0
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IOBluetoothACPIMethods  <class IOBluetoothACPIMethods, id 0x10000012a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleBroadcomBluetoothHostController  <class AppleBroadcomBluetoothHostController, id 0x100000541, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "ClassOfDevice" = 0x380104
    | | |     "SkipAutoFWUpdate" = No
    | | |     "BootFromROM" = No
    | | |     "BluetoothDeviceAddress" = "88-66-5A-0A-F6-16"
    | | |     "a8-91-3d-3c-ef-cb" = {"VendorIDSource"=0x1,"LinkSupervisionTimeout"=0x1f40,"VendorID"=0x4c,"CountryCode"=0x0,"HIDVirtualDevice"=No,"Product"="Magic Mouse 2","VersionNumber"=0x107,"QoSLatency"=0x2bf2,"ProductID"=0x269,"Transport"="Bluetooth","ReportDescriptor"=<05010902a10185120509190129021500250195027501810295017506810305010901a1001601f826ff073601fb46ff046513550d09300931751095028106750895028101c00602ff09558555150026ff0075089540b1a2c00600ff0914a101859005847501950315002501096105850944094681029505810175089501150026ff0009658102c0>,"$
    | | |     "SupportBTRS" = Yes
    | | |     "RemoteWakeEnabled" = Yes
    | | |     "BluetoothLocalName" = "CH-iMAC"
    | | |     "ActiveControllerInfo" = {"ActiveControllerProductID"=0x96,"ActiveControllerActiveConnections"=0x0,"ActiveControllerLocationID"=0x0,"ActiveControllerVendorID"=0x5ac,"ActiveControllerAddress"=<88665a0af616>}
    | | |     "Built-In" = Yes
    | | |     "TransportType" = "UART"
    | | |     "HCIRevision" = 0x105b
    | | |     "DefaultIdleTime" = 0x1f4
    | | |     "SupportDPLE" = Yes
    | | |     "SupportWoBT" = Yes
    | | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0x425420506f776572,0x400020002,"Bluetooth Internal Power State")),"IOReportGroupName"="Bluetooth","IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x100007600000001}},{"IOReportChannels"=((0x4274546d72457870,0x100040001,"                       Total number of times Bluetooth Idle Timer expired"),(0x4164527074437472,0x100040001,"      Total number of BTLE Advertising Reports received (including Apple)"),(0x4861736800000000,0x100040001,"                                  Apple BTLE Advertising R$
    | | |     "ChipsetID" = 0x96
    | | |     "SupportBTPD" = Yes
    | | |     "ConfigState" = 0x0
    | | |     "HCIVersion" = 0x9
    | | |     "SupportBTLP" = Yes
    | | |     "AllowedIncomingRFCOMMChannels" = ({"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x1},{"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x2},{"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x4},{"ChannelIsSecure"=0x0,"ChannelNumber"=0x3})
    | | |     "BluetoothTransportConnected" = Yes
    | | |     "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | | |     "HCIControllerPowerIsOn" = Yes
    | | |     "HCIResetHappenedDuringWake" = No
    | | |     "SupportPowerOff" = Yes
    | | |     "SupportConcurrentCreateConnection" = No
    | | |     "SupportNewIdlePolicy" = Yes
    | | |     "FeatureFlags" = 0xf
    | | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | | |     "HCISupportedFeatures" = <877bffdbfecffebf>
    | | |     "ManufacturerName" = 0xf
    | | |     "LMPSubversion" = 0x2041
    | | |     "BluetoothVendor" = "AppleBroadcom"
    | | |     "SupportBTPU" = Yes
    | | |     "PowerOptions" = 0x7
    | | |     "SetBTPD" = No
    | | |     "SetBTLP" = 0x0
    | | |     "BluetoothDeviceAddressData" = <88665a0af616>
    | | |     "ActiveBluetoothControllerVendor" = "Broadcom"
    | | |     "FirmwareVersion" = 0x41
    | | |     "SetBTRB" = No
    | | |     "SetBTPower" = 0x0
    | | |     "SupportLighthouse" = Yes
    | | |     "LocalDeviceScanState" = 0x2
    | | |     "SupportBTRB" = Yes
    | | |     "LMPVersion" = 0x9
    | | |     "idProduct" = 0x96
    | | |     "SetBTPU" = No
    | | |     "64-0b-d7-14-c2-5d" = {"VendorIDSource"=0x1,"LinkSupervisionTimeout"=0x1f40,"VendorID"=0x4c,"CountryCode"=0x0,"HIDVirtualDevice"=No,"Product"="Magic Keyboard","VersionNumber"=0x107,"QoSLatency"=0x2bf2,"ProductID"=0x267,"Transport"="Bluetooth","ReportDescriptor"=<05010906a101850105071500250119e029e775019508810295057501050819012905910295017503910395087501150025010600ff09038103950675081500256505071900296581009501750115002501050c09b88102950175010601ff090381029501750681030602ff09558555150026ff0075089540b1a2c00600ff0914a101859005847501$
    | | |     "SetBTRS" = No
    | | |     "FirmwareVersionString" = "v65 c4187"
    | | |     "AllowedIncomingL2CAPChannels" = ({"PSM"=0x3},{"PSM"=0x1},{"PSM"=0x1f},{"PSM"=0x11},{"PSM"=0x13},{"PSM"=0xf},{"PSM"=0x17},{"PSM"=0x19})
    | | |     "LocationID" = 0x0
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOBluetoothHCIUserClient  <class IOBluetoothHCIUserClient, id 0x1000005c7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 142, bluetoothd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOBluetoothHCIUserClient  <class IOBluetoothHCIUserClient, id 0x1000006b8, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 420, UserEventAgent"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOBluetoothHCIUserClient  <class IOBluetoothHCIUserClient, id 0x10000071d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 550, useractivityd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOBluetoothHCIUserClient  <class IOBluetoothHCIUserClient, id 0x100000730, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 527, sharingd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOBluetoothHCIUserClient  <class IOBluetoothHCIUserClient, id 0x100000748, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOBluetoothHCIUserClient  <class IOBluetoothHCIUserClient, id 0x100000754, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 530, cloudpaird"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o IOBluetoothPacketLogger  <class IOBluetoothPacketLogger, id 0x100000123, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothPacketLogger"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOBluetoothPacketLogger"
    | |     "IOClass" = "IOBluetoothPacketLogger"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothPacketLogger"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothPacketLogger"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOHDIXController  <class IOHDIXController, id 0x100000124, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOClass" = "IOHDIXController"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.DiskImages"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "Product Name" = "Disk Image Driver for MacOS X"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHDIXControllerUserClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "revision" = "595.140.1"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOHDIXController"
    | |     "Vendor Name" = "Apple"
    | |     "Product Revision Level" = "595.140.1"
    | |     "vendor" = "Apple"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.DiskImages"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.DiskImages"
    | |     "model" = "Disk Image Driver for MacOS X"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOKitRegistryCompatibility  <class IOKitRegistryCompatibility, id 0x100000125, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOKitRegistryCompatibility"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOKitRegistryCompatibility"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOKitRegistryCompatibility"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOKitRegistryCompatibility"
    | | |   "Entries" = ({"IOName"="display","IOClass"="IOPCIDevice","class-code"=<00000300>,"model"=<556e6b6e6f776e20556e6b6e6f776e00>,"device-id"=<10680000>,"vendor-id"=<02100000>,"revision-id"=<00000000>,"subsystem-id"=<00000000>},{"IOClass"="IOFramebuffer","IOName"="IOFB","ParentIndex"=0x0},{"IOName"="IOAccelerator","CFBundleIdentifier"="com.unknown.bundle","ParentIndex"=0x0,"IOClass"="IOAccelerator","PerformanceStatistics"={"vramFreeBytes"=0xf00000},"IOGLBundleName"="AppleMetalGLRenderer","MetalPluginName"="AGXMetalA12","VRAM,totalMB"=0x4$
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOKitRegistryCompatibility"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o display  <class IOServiceCompatibility, id 0x10000012d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | | | | {
    | | | |   "IOCompatibilityProperties" = {"IOName"="display","IOClass"="IOPCIDevice","class-code"=<00000300>,"model"=<556e6b6e6f776e20556e6b6e6f776e00>,"device-id"=<10680000>,"vendor-id"=<02100000>,"revision-id"=<00000000>,"subsystem-id"=<00000000>}
    | | | | }
    | | | | 
    | | | +-o IOFB  <class IOServiceCompatibility, id 0x10000012e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | | | |   {
    | | | |     "IOCompatibilityProperties" = {"IOClass"="IOFramebuffer","IOName"="IOFB","ParentIndex"=0x0}
    | | | |   }
    | | | |   
    | | | +-o IOAccelerator  <class IOServiceCompatibility, id 0x10000012f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | | |     {
    | | |       "IOCompatibilityProperties" = {"IOName"="IOAccelerator","CFBundleIdentifier"="com.unknown.bundle","ParentIndex"=0x0,"IOClass"="IOAccelerator","PerformanceStatistics"={"vramFreeBytes"=0xf00000},"IOGLBundleName"="AppleMetalGLRenderer","MetalPluginName"="AGXMetalA12","VRAM,totalMB"=0x4000}
    | | |     }
    | | |     
    | | +-o memory  <class IOServiceCompatibility, id 0x100000130, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOCompatibilityProperties" = {"IOClass"="IOService","IOName"="memory","compat-dimm-serial-number"=<30783031323334353637003078373635343332313000>,"IOPath"="IODeviceTree:/memory"}
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o IOReportHub  <class IOReportHub, id 0x100000126, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOReportFamily"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOReportHub"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOReportHub"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOReportFamily"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOReportFamily"
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOReportUserClient"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x10000064f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 82, systemstats"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x100000652, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 82, systemstats"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x100000653, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 82, systemstats"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x100000654, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 82, systemstats"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x100000655, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 82, systemstats"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x10000073d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x100000752, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOReportUserClient  <class IOReportUserClient, id 0x100000762, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 580, PerfPowerService"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o IOTimeSyncClockManager  <class IOTimeSyncClockManager, id 0x100000127, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (62 ms), retain 13>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOTimeSyncClockManager"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOTimeSyncFamily"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "TranslationClockID" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130001
    | | |   "WantsgPTPServices" = Yes
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOTimeSyncClockManagerUserClient"
    | | |   "TimeSyncTimeClockID" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130000
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "TimeSyncTineCoreAudioClockDomain" = 0x63690000
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOTimeSyncClockManager"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOTimeSyncFamily"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOTimeSyncFamily"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IOTimeSyncTranslationMach  <class IOTimeSyncTranslationMach, id 0x1000004d2, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | | | | {
    | | | |   "ClockIdentifier" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130001
    | | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOTimeSyncUserClient"
    | | | |   "ClockLockState" = 0x2
    | | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | | | }
    | | | | 
    | | | +-o IOTimeSyncUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncUserClient, id 0x1000004d5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | | |   {
    | | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 146, AirPlayXPCHelper"
    | | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | | |   }
    | | | |   
    | | | +-o IOTimeSyncUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncUserClient, id 0x1000004d7, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 6>
    | | |     {
    | | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 252, coreaudiod"
    | | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |     }
    | | |     
    | | +-o IOTimeSyncClockManagerUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncClockManagerUserClient, id 0x1000004d4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 146, AirPlayXPCHelper"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOTimeSyncClockManagerUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncClockManagerUserClient, id 0x1000004d6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 252, coreaudiod"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOTimeSyncgPTPManager  <class IOTimeSyncgPTPManager, id 0x100000510, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 9>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.plugin.IOgPTPPlugin"
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOTimeSyncgPTPManager"
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "IOTimeSyncgPTPManager"
    | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.plugin.IOgPTPPlugin"
    | |   |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"WantsgPTPServices"=Yes}
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOTimeSyncClockManager"
    | |   |   "TemperatureSensor" = {"MacBookPro17,1"="PMU tdev7","Macmini9,1"="PMU tdev8","iMac21,1"="PMU tdev8","iMac21,2"="PMU tdev8","MacBookAir10,1"="PMU tdev5"}
    | |   |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOTimeSyncgPTPManagerUserClient"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.plugin.IOgPTPPlugin"
    | |   |   "SystemDomainIdentifier" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130008
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o IOTimeSyncDomain  <class IOTimeSyncDomain, id 0x100000511, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 16>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "GrandmasterID" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130008
    | |   | |   "ASPath" = (0x3c7d0a0c39130008)
    | |   | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   | |   "ClockIdentity" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130008
    | |   | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOTimeSyncDomainUserClient"
    | |   | |   "ClockLockState" = 0x2
    | |   | |   "ClockIdentifier" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130008
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o IOTimeSyncTimeSyncTimePort  <class IOTimeSyncTimeSyncTimePort, id 0x100000512, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   | |   {
    | |   | |     "PortNumber" = 0x0
    | |   | |     "ReceivedTimeSource" = 0xa0
    | |   | |     "ClockPriority1" = 0xf8
    | |   | |     "BatteryPowered" = No
    | |   | |     "ClockAccuracy" = 0x21
    | |   | |     "GrandmasterID" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130008
    | |   | |     "LocalOscillatorType" = 0x0
    | |   | |     "StepsRemoved" = 0x0
    | |   | |     "ClockClass" = 0xf8
    | |   | |     "ExternalPowerConnected" = No
    | |   | |     "HasWiFiHardwareTimestamping" = No
    | |   | |     "TimeSource" = 0xa0
    | |   | |     "OffsetScaledLogVariance" = 0x436a
    | |   | |     "ReceivedClockPriority1" = 0xf8
    | |   | |     "ReceivedClockClass" = 0xf8
    | |   | |     "ReceivedOffsetScaledLogVariance" = 0x436a
    | |   | |     "ReceivedClockPriority2" = 0xeb
    | |   | |     "ReceivedClockAccuracy" = 0x21
    | |   | |     "ReceivedGrandmasterID" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130008
    | |   | |     "PortRole" = 0x2
    | |   | |     "ClockIdentifier" = 0x3c7d0a0c39130008
    | |   | |     "ClockPriority2" = 0xeb
    | |   | |     "HasWiredEthernetLinkActive" = Yes
    | |   | |     "ReceivedStepsRemoved" = 0x0
    | |   | |     "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   | |     "HasEthernetHardwareTimestamping" = Yes
    | |   | |   }
    | |   | |   
    | |   | +-o IOTimeSyncDomainUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncDomainUserClient, id 0x100000518, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 7>
    | |   | |   {
    | |   | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 146, AirPlayXPCHelper"
    | |   | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   | |   }
    | |   | |   
    | |   | +-o IOTimeSyncDomainUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncDomainUserClient, id 0x100000519, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 7>
    | |   | |   {
    | |   | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 146, AirPlayXPCHelper"
    | |   | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   | |   }
    | |   | |   
    | |   | +-o IOTimeSyncDomainUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncDomainUserClient, id 0x10000051d, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 7>
    | |   |     {
    | |   |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 252, coreaudiod"
    | |   |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   |     }
    | |   |     
    | |   +-o IOTimeSyncgPTPManagerUserClient  <class IOTimeSyncgPTPManagerUserClient, id 0x100000517, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |       {
    | |         "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 146, AirPlayXPCHelper"
    | |         "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |       }
    | |       
    | +-o IOUSBMassStorageResource  <class IOUSBMassStorageResource, id 0x100000128, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 8>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOUSBMassStorageResource"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOUSBMassStorageResource"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBMassStorageDriver"
    | | |   "Devices Referenced" = 0x2
    | | |   "Device Stats" = {"05AC8408"={"RESET: Bulk Send Failure"=0x0,"RESET: Pipe Stalled"=0x0,"RESET: IO Aborted"=0x0,"RESET: CSW Receive Fail"=0x0,"OFF to ON transition"=0x0,"Connected"=0x1,"ON to OFF transition"=0x0,"RESET: Device Unresponsive"=0x0,"RESET: Device Error"=0x0,"Number Of InterfaceNubs"=0x1,"bInterfaceProtocol"=0x50,"RESET: Command Phase Error"=0x0,"RESET: IO Timed Out"=0x0,"RESET: Data Overrun"=0x0},"21C40CD1"={"RESET: Bulk Send Failure"=0x0,"RESET: Pipe Stalled"=0x0,"RESET: IO Aborted"=0x0,"RESET: CSW Receive Fail"=0x0,"O$
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IOUSBMassStorageUserClient"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderDriverNub  <class com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderDriverNub, id 0x100000437, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (105 ms), retain 15>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderDriverNub"
    | |   |   "Number Of InterfaceNubs" = 0x1
    | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |   |   "idProduct" = 0x8408
    | |   |   "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x50
    | |   |   "USB Device Info" = {"bcdDevice"=0x9,"idProduct"=0x8408,"bInterfaceSubClass"=0x6,"locationID"=0x14700000,"bConfigurationValue"=0x1,"kUSBVendorString"="Apple","kUSBSerialNumberString"="000000000009","USB Product Name"="Card Reader","kUSBProductString"="Card Reader","idVendor"=0x5ac,"bInterfaceProtocol"=0x50,"bInterfaceNumber"=0x0,"bInterfaceClass"=0x8,"bNumConfigurations"=0x1}
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderInterfaceNub"
    | |   |   "Physical Interconnect Location" = "Internal"
    | |   |   "USB Product Name" = "Card Reader"
    | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x61a8
    | |   |   "PowerGating" = Yes
    | |   |   "bInterfaceClass" = 0x8
    | |   |   "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x6
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |   |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   "USB Mass Storage Trace ID" = 0x5ac840814700000
    | |   |   "PlatformSettings" = 0x48
    | |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple"
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderUMC  <class com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderUMC, id 0x10000043a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (105 ms), retain 9>
    | |     | {
    | |     |   "IOClass" = "com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderUMC"
    | |     |   "Write Time Out Duration" = 0x7530
    | |     |   "No INQUIRY VPD Pages" = Yes
    | |     |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |     |   "idProduct" = 0x8408
    | |     |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0,"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"ChildProxyPowerState"=0x2,"DriverPowerState"=0x0}
    | |     |   "IOProviderClass" = "com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderDriverNub"
    | |     |   "IOMediaIcon" = {"IOBundleResourceFile"="SD.icns","CFBundleIdentifier"="com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily"}
    | |     |   "Physical Interconnect Location" = "Internal"
    | |     |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x61a8
    | |     |   "PowerGating" = Yes
    | |     |   "Read Time Out Duration" = 0x7530
    | |     |   "IOUnit" = 0x5
    | |     |   "Physical Interconnect" = "USB"
    | |     |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |     |   "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |     |   "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |     |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |     |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |     |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |     |   "SCSI Device Characteristics" = {"IOMaximumBlockCountRead"=0x2000,"IOMaximumBlockCountWrite"=0x2000,"IOMaximumByteCountWrite"=0x400000,"IOMaximumByteCountRead"=0x400000}
    | |     |   "USB Mass Storage Characteristics" = {"Max Logical Unit Number"=0x0,"USB3LPM"=0x3}
    | |     |   "USB Mass Storage Trace ID" = 0x5ac840814700000
    | |     |   "PlatformSettings" = 0x48
    | |     |   "Retry Count" = 0x14
    | |     |   "Protocol Characteristics" = {"Read Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Physical Interconnect Location"="Internal","Write Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Retry Count"=0x14}
    | |     |   "Device Speed" = 0x3
    | |     | }
    | |     | 
    | |     +-o IOSCSILogicalUnitNub@0  <class IOSCSILogicalUnitNub, id 0x10000043d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 8>
    | |       | {
    | |       |   "TPGS Information" = 0x0
    | |       |   "Peripheral Device Type" = 0x0
    | |       |   "Vendor Identification" = "APPLE"
    | |       |   "SCSI Logical Unit Number" = 0x0
    | |       |   "SCSI Device Characteristics" = {"IOMaximumBlockCountRead"=0x2000,"IOMaximumBlockCountWrite"=0x2000,"IOMaximumByteCountWrite"=0x400000,"IOMaximumByteCountRead"=0x400000}
    | |       |   "IOMatchCategory" = "SCSITaskUserClientIniter"
    | |       |   "Product Identification" = "SD Card Reader"
    | |       |   "Protocol Characteristics" = {"Physical Interconnect"="USB","Read Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"SCSI Logical Unit Number"=0x0,"Physical Interconnect Location"="Internal","Write Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Retry Count"=0x14}
    | |       |   "IOUnitLUN" = 0x0
    | |       |   "Product Revision Level" = "5.00"
    | |       | }
    | |       | 
    | |       +-o com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderSBC  <class com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderSBC, id 0x10000043e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 10>
    | |         | {
    | |         |   "IOClass" = "com_apple_driver_AppleUSBCardReaderSBC"
    | |         |   "S104" = 0x0
    | |         |   "IOMaximumBlockCountWrite" = 0x2000
    | |         |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |         |   "Product Identification" = "SD Card Reader"
    | |         |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"ActivityTickles"=0x0,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"IdleTimerPeriod"=0xafc8,"DriverPowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    | |         |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOSCSILogicalUnitNub"
    | |         |   "Peripheral Device Type" = 0x0
    | |         |   "IOMaximumSegmentCountRead" = 0x400
    | |         |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3a98
    | |         |   "S025" = 0x0
    | |         |   "IOMaximumSegmentCountWrite" = 0x400
    | |         |   "WriteCacheState" = No
    | |         |   "Physical Interconnect" = "USB"
    | |         |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |         |   "Vendor Identification" = "APPLE"
    | |         |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |         |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleUSBCardReader"
    | |         |   "USB Mass Storage Trace ID" = 0x5ac840814700000
    | |         |   "IOMaximumByteCountRead" = 0x400000
    | |         |   "SCSI Device Characteristics" = {"IOMaximumBlockCountRead"=0x2000,"IOMaximumBlockCountWrite"=0x2000,"IOMaximumByteCountWrite"=0x400000,"IOMaximumByteCountRead"=0x400000}
    | |         |   "IOMaximumByteCountWrite" = 0x400000
    | |         |   "IOMaximumBlockCountRead" = 0x2000
    | |         |   "PlatformSettings" = 0x48
    | |         |   "S050" = 0x0
    | |         | }
    | |         | 
    | |         +-o AppleUSBCardReaderBlockStorageServices  <class AppleUSBCardReaderBlockStorageServices, id 0x100000442, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |           | {
    | |           |   "IOMinimumSegmentAlignmentByteCount" = 0x4
    | |           |   "device-type" = "Generic"
    | |           |   "Protocol Characteristics" = {"Physical Interconnect"="USB","Read Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"SCSI Logical Unit Number"=0x0,"Physical Interconnect Location"="Internal","Write Time Out Duration"=0x7530,"Retry Count"=0x14}
    | |           |   "Device Characteristics" = {"Vendor Name"="APPLE","Product Name"="SD Card Reader","Product Revision Level"="5.00"}
    | |           | }
    | |           | 
    | |           +-o IOBlockStorageDriver  <class IOBlockStorageDriver, id 0x100000443, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |               {
    | |                 "IOPropertyMatch" = {"device-type"="Generic"}
    | |                 "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |                 "IOProviderClass" = "IOBlockStorageDevice"
    | |                 "IOClass" = "IOBlockStorageDriver"
    | |                 "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |                 "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOStorageFamily"
    | |                 "Statistics" = {"Operations (Write)"=0x0,"Latency Time (Write)"=0x0,"Bytes (Read)"=0x0,"Errors (Write)"=0x0,"Total Time (Read)"=0x0,"Latency Time (Read)"=0x0,"Retries (Read)"=0x0,"Errors (Read)"=0x0,"Total Time (Write)"=0x0,"Bytes (Write)"=0x0,"Operations (Read)"=0x0,"Retries (Write)"=0x0}
    | |                 "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |               }
    | |               
    | +-o AppleUSBHostResourcesTypeC  <class AppleUSBHostResourcesTypeC, id 0x1000002b4, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (267 ms), retain 52>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSBHostResourcesTypeC"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBHostFamily"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "kUSBSleepPortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | | |   "kUSBWakePowerSupply" = 0x13ec
    | | |   "kUSBWakePortCurrentLimit" = 0x834
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IORTC"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleUSBHostResources"
    | | |   "UsbSmcBusCurrentPoolID" = 0xfffffffefffffd4b
    | | |   "kUSBSleepPowerSupply" = 0x13ec
    | | |   "UsbBusCurrentPoolID" = 0x1000002b4
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBHostFamily"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBHostFamily"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleUSBLegacyRoot  <class AppleUSBLegacyRoot, id 0x1000002be, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 33>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x64
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBFamily"
    | |   |   "IOProviderClass" = "AppleUSBHostResources"
    | |   |   "IOClass" = "AppleUSBLegacyRoot"
    | |   |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBFamily"
    | |   |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUSBFamily"
    | |   |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"ChildrenPowerState"=0x4,"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x4,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x4}
    | |   |   "HIDVirtualDevice" = No
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o AppleUSBVHCIBCE@80000000  <class AppleUSBController, id 0x1000003b5, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 15>
    | |   | | {
    | |   | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80000000
    | |   | | }
    | |   | | 
    | |   | +-o AppleUSBVHCIBCE Root Hub Simulation@80000000  <class AppleUSBRootHubDevice, id 0x1000003b6, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 18>
    | |   | | | {
    | |   | | |   "idProduct" = 0x8007
    | |   | | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |   | | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x8
    | |   | | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "iProduct" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "USB Product Name" = "AppleUSBVHCIBCE Root Hub Simulation"
    | |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x4,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x4}
    | |   | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleUSBLegacyDeviceUserClient"
    | |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80000000
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0xff
    | |   | | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x100
    | |   | | |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x3
    | |   | | |   "Device Speed" = 0x3
    | |   | | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   | | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBRootHubDevice"
    | |   | | | }
    | |   | | | 
    | |   | | +-o FocusriteControl  <class AppleUSBLegacyDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000004b6, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   | | |   {
    | |   | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 88, FocusriteControl"
    | |   | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   | | |   }
    | |   | | |   
    | |   | | +-o Google Chrome  <class AppleUSBLegacyDeviceUserClient, id 0x1000007d9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   | |     {
    | |   | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | |   | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |   | |     }
    | |   | |     
    | |   | +-o Headset@80400000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x1000003b8, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   | | | {
    | |   | | |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "000000000000"
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   | | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |   | | |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   | | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003ab
    | |   | | |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   | | |   "USB Serial Number" = "000000000000"
    | |   | | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple"
    | |   | | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "kUSBProductString" = "Headset"
    | |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | | |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple"
    | |   | | |   "USB Product Name" = "Headset"
    | |   | | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | | |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   | | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "idProduct" = 0x8103
    | |   | | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x219
    | |   | | |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   | | |   "USB Address" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "sessionID" = 0x3f64b5f8
    | |   | | |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   | | |   "PortNum" = 0x4
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   | | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   | | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   | | | }
    | |   | | | 
    | |   | | +-o HID Relay@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x1000003d8, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   | |     {
    | |   | |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | |       "bcdDevice" = 0x219
    | |   | |       "idProduct" = 0x8103
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   | |       "locationID" = 0xffffffff80400000
    | |   | |       "USB Interface Name" = "HID Relay"
    | |   | |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003d0
    | |   | |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "iInterface" = 0x6
    | |   | |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   | |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   | |     }
    | |   | |     
    | |   | +-o Apple T2 Controller@80100000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x1000003bd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |   | | | {
    | |   | | |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "0000000000000000"
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   | | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |   | | |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   | | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003ad
    | |   | | |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   | | |   "USB Serial Number" = "0000000000000000"
    | |   | | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   | | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "kUSBProductString" = "Apple T2 Controller"
    | |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | | |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   | | |   "USB Product Name" = "Apple T2 Controller"
    | |   | | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | | |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   | | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "idProduct" = 0x8233
    | |   | | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   | | |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   | | |   "USB Address" = 0x2
    | |   | | |   "sessionID" = 0x3fa26b20
    | |   | | |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   | | |   "PortNum" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80100000
    | |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   | | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   | | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   | | | }
    | |   | | | 
    | |   | | +-o NCM Control@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x1000003ef, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   | | |   {
    | |   | | |     "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | | |     "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   | | |     "idProduct" = 0x8233
    | |   | | |     "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0xd
    | |   | | |     "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   | | |     "locationID" = 0xffffffff80100000
    | |   | | |     "USB Interface Name" = "NCM Control"
    | |   | | |     "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003cf
    | |   | | |     "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   | | |     "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   | | |     "iInterface" = 0x7
    | |   | | |     "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   | | |     "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | | |     "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   | | |     "bInterfaceClass" = 0x2
    | |   | | |     "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   }
    | |   | | |   
    | |   | | +-o NCM Data@1  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x1000003f1, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   | |     {
    | |   | |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | |       "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   | |       "idProduct" = 0x8233
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   | |       "locationID" = 0xffffffff80100000
    | |   | |       "USB Interface Name" = "NCM Data"
    | |   | |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003d6
    | |   | |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   | |       "iInterface" = 0x8
    | |   | |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x1
    | |   | |       "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x1
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0xa
    | |   | |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x2
    | |   | |     }
    | |   | |     
    | |   | +-o Ambient Light Sensor@80300000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x1000003c3, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    | |   | | | {
    | |   | | |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "000000000000"
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   | | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |   | | |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   | | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003af
    | |   | | |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   | | |   "USB Serial Number" = "000000000000"
    | |   | | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   | | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "kUSBProductString" = "Ambient Light Sensor"
    | |   | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   | | |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   | | |   "USB Product Name" = "Ambient Light Sensor"
    | |   | | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | | |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   | | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   | | |   "idProduct" = 0x8262
    | |   | | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   | | |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   | | |   "USB Address" = 0x3
    | |   | | |   "sessionID" = 0x3fa27284
    | |   | | |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   | | |   "PortNum" = 0x3
    | |   | | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   | | |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80300000
    | |   | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   | | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   | | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   | | | }
    | |   | | | 
    | |   | | +-o HID Relay@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x1000003ed, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   | |     {
    | |   | |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   | |       "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   | |       "idProduct" = 0x8262
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   | |       "locationID" = 0xffffffff80300000
    | |   | |       "USB Interface Name" = "HID Relay"
    | |   | |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003d5
    | |   | |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "iInterface" = 0x6
    | |   | |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   | |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |   | |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   | |     }
    | |   | |     
    | |   | +-o FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)@80200000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x1000003cc, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 14>
    | |   |   | {
    | |   |   |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "00000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   "bDeviceClass" = 0xef
    | |   |   |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |   |   |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |   |   |   "Built-In" = Yes
    | |   |   |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003b1
    | |   |   |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   "USB Serial Number" = "00000000000000000"
    | |   |   |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   "kUSBProductString" = "FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)"
    | |   |   |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |   |   |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Apple Inc."
    | |   |   |   "USB Product Name" = "FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in)"
    | |   |   |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   "idProduct" = 0x8514
    | |   |   |   "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |   "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |   |   |   "USB Address" = 0x4
    | |   |   |   "sessionID" = 0x40d1c85f
    | |   |   |   "UsbUserClientEntitlementRequired" = "com.apple.ibridge.control"
    | |   |   |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |   |   |   "PortNum" = 0x2
    | |   |   |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |   |   |   "locationID" = 0xffffffff80200000
    | |   |   |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |   |   |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |   |   |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |   |   | }
    | |   |   | 
    | |   |   +-o AppleUSBInterface@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x1000003ee, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |   |   {
    | |   |   |     "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |   |     "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |   |     "idProduct" = 0x8514
    | |   |   |     "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |   |   |     "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |   |     "locationID" = 0xffffffff80200000
    | |   |   |     "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003d9
    | |   |   |     "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |   |     "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |   |     "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |   |   |     "bInterfaceClass" = 0xe
    | |   |   |     "bNumEndpoints" = 0x0
    | |   |   |   }
    | |   |   |   
    | |   |   +-o AppleUSBInterface@1  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x1000003f0, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   |       {
    | |   |         "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |   |         "bcdDevice" = 0x201
    | |   |         "idProduct" = 0x8514
    | |   |         "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x2
    | |   |         "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |   |         "locationID" = 0xffffffff80200000
    | |   |         "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003e2
    | |   |         "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |   |         "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |   |         "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |   |         "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |   |         "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |   |         "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x1
    | |   |         "bInterfaceClass" = 0xe
    | |   |         "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |   |       }
    | |   |       
    | |   +-o AppleUSBXHCI@14000000  <class AppleUSBController, id 0x1000003da, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 19>
    | |     | {
    | |     |   "locationID" = 0x14000000
    | |     | }
    | |     | 
    | |     +-o AppleUSBXHCI Root Hub Simulation@14000000  <class AppleUSBRootHubDevice, id 0x1000003db, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 12>
    | |     |   {
    | |     |     "idProduct" = 0x8007
    | |     |     "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |     |     "Built-In" = Yes
    | |     |     "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |     |     "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x8
    | |     |     "iManufacturer" = 0x0
    | |     |     "iProduct" = 0x0
    | |     |     "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |     |     "USB Product Name" = "AppleUSBXHCI Root Hub Simulation"
    | |     |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x4,"CapabilityFlags"=0x8000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x4}
    | |     |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleUSBLegacyDeviceUserClient"
    | |     |     "locationID" = 0x14000000
    | |     |     "bDeviceSubClass" = 0xff
    | |     |     "bcdUSB" = 0x100
    | |     |     "non-removable" = "yes"
    | |     |     "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     |     "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x3
    | |     |     "Device Speed" = 0x3
    | |     |     "USB Vendor Name" = "Apple Inc."
    | |     |     "idVendor" = 0x5ac
    | |     |     "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBRootHubDevice"
    | |     |   }
    | |     |   
    | |     +-o USB2.0 Hub@14100000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x1000003dd, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |     | | {
    | |     | |   "sessionID" = 0x428b8c16
    | |     | |   "idProduct" = 0x610
    | |     | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |     | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |     | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |     | |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |     | |   "USB Address" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Built-In" = No
    | |     | |   "locationID" = 0x14100000
    | |     | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x210
    | |     | |   "USB Product Name" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |     | |   "PortNum" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |     | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003b3
    | |     | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |     | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |     | |   "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |     | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |     | |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |     | |   "kUSBVendorString" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |     | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |     | | }
    | |     | | 
    | |     | +-o AppleUSBInterface@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x1000003e4, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |     |     {
    | |     |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     |       "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |     |       "idProduct" = 0x610
    | |     |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |     |       "locationID" = 0x14100000
    | |     |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003e3
    | |     |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |     |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x2
    | |     |       "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x1
    | |     |       "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |     |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x9
    | |     |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |     |     }
    | |     |     
    | |     +-o USB3.0 Hub@14900000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x1000003fb, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 14>
    | |     | | {
    | |     | |   "sessionID" = 0x48ce3eae
    | |     | |   "idProduct" = 0x616
    | |     | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |     | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x9
    | |     | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |     | |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0x1c2
    | |     | |   "USB Address" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "Built-In" = No
    | |     | |   "locationID" = 0x14900000
    | |     | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x310
    | |     | |   "USB Product Name" = "USB3.0 Hub"
    | |     | |   "PortNum" = 0x9
    | |     | |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |     | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x1000003f8
    | |     | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x3
    | |     | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |     | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Device Speed" = 0x3
    | |     | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |     | |   "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |     | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |     | |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB3.0 Hub"
    | |     | |   "kUSBVendorString" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |     | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |     | | }
    | |     | | 
    | |     | +-o GenesysLogic@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x100000404, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |     |     {
    | |     |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     |       "bcdDevice" = 0x9226
    | |     |       "idProduct" = 0x616
    | |     |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |     |       "locationID" = 0x14900000
    | |     |       "USB Interface Name" = "GenesysLogic"
    | |     |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x100000403
    | |     |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |     |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |     |       "iInterface" = 0x1
    | |     |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |     |       "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |     |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x9
    | |     |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |     |     }
    | |     |     
    | |     +-o USB2.0 Hub@14600000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x100000410, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 14>
    | |     | | {
    | |     | |   "sessionID" = 0x4d40310b
    | |     | |   "idProduct" = 0x608
    | |     | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x9
    | |     | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x40
    | |     | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x8536
    | |     | |   "iProduct" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |     | |   "USB Address" = 0x3
    | |     | |   "Built-In" = No
    | |     | |   "locationID" = 0x14600000
    | |     | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x200
    | |     | |   "USB Product Name" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |     | |   "PortNum" = 0x6
    | |     | |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |     | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x10000040e
    | |     | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |     | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Device Speed" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |     | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |     | |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB2.0 Hub"
    | |     | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |     | | }
    | |     | | 
    | |     | +-o AppleUSBInterface@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x100000416, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |     |     {
    | |     |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     |       "bcdDevice" = 0x8536
    | |     |       "idProduct" = 0x608
    | |     |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |     |       "locationID" = 0x14600000
    | |     |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x100000415
    | |     |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |     |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |     |       "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |     |       "idVendor" = 0x5e3
    | |     |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x9
    | |     |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |     |     }
    | |     |     
    | |     +-o USB Optical Mouse@14300000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x100000423, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | |     | | {
    | |     | |   "sessionID" = 0x51eaee80
    | |     | |   "idProduct" = 0x2510
    | |     | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x8
    | |     | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x100
    | |     | |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |     | |   "USB Address" = 0x4
    | |     | |   "Built-In" = No
    | |     | |   "locationID" = 0x14300000
    | |     | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x110
    | |     | |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |     | |   "PortNum" = 0x3
    | |     | |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |     | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x100000420
    | |     | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |     | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Device Speed" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "PixArt"
    | |     | |   "idVendor" = 0x93a
    | |     | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |     | |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB Optical Mouse"
    | |     | |   "kUSBVendorString" = "PixArt"
    | |     | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |     | | }
    | |     | | 
    | |     | +-o AppleUSBInterface@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x10000042b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |     |     {
    | |     |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     |       "bcdDevice" = 0x100
    | |     |       "idProduct" = 0x2510
    | |     |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |     |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |     |       "locationID" = 0x14300000
    | |     |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x10000042a
    | |     |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |     |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x2
    | |     |       "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |     |       "idVendor" = 0x93a
    | |     |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |     |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |     |     }
    | |     |     
    | |     +-o Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard@14630000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x100000446, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 15>
    | |     | | {
    | |     | |   "sessionID" = 0x5c6ffce8
    | |     | |   "idProduct" = 0x43
    | |     | |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x8
    | |     | |   "bcdDevice" = 0x110
    | |     | |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |     | |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Bus Power Available" = 0xfa
    | |     | |   "USB Address" = 0x6
    | |     | |   "Built-In" = No
    | |     | |   "locationID" = 0x14630000
    | |     | |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "bcdUSB" = 0x110
    | |     | |   "USB Product Name" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |     | |   "PortNum" = 0x3
    | |     | |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |     | |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x100000444
    | |     | |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |     | |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |     | |   "Device Speed" = 0x0
    | |     | |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |     | |   "idVendor" = 0x2222
    | |     | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |     | |   "kUSBProductString" = "Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard"
    | |     | |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Macally Peripherals"
    | |     | |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |     | | }
    | |     | | 
    | |     | +-o AppleUSBInterface@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x10000044e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |     | |   {
    | |     | |     "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     | |     "bcdDevice" = 0x110
    | |     | |     "idProduct" = 0x43
    | |     | |     "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x1
    | |     | |     "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |     | |     "locationID" = 0x14630000
    | |     | |     "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x10000044c
    | |     | |     "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |     | |     "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x1
    | |     | |     "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |     | |     "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |     | |     "idVendor" = 0x2222
    | |     | |     "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |     | |     "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |     | |     "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |     | |   }
    | |     | |   
    | |     | +-o AppleUSBInterface@1  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x10000044f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |     |     {
    | |     |       "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |     |       "bcdDevice" = 0x110
    | |     |       "idProduct" = 0x43
    | |     |       "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |     |       "locationID" = 0x14630000
    | |     |       "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x10000044d
    | |     |       "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |     |       "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |     |       "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |     |       "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |     |       "idVendor" = 0x2222
    | |     |       "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x1
    | |     |       "bInterfaceClass" = 0x3
    | |     |       "bNumEndpoints" = 0x1
    | |     |     }
    | |     |     
    | |     +-o USB Flash Drive@14910000  <class AppleUSBDevice, id 0x10000082c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (1 ms), retain 13>
    | |       | {
    | |       |   "sessionID" = 0x11bbd62478f
    | |       |   "idProduct" = 0xcd1
    | |       |   "iManufacturer" = 0x1
    | |       |   "bDeviceClass" = 0x0
    | |       |   "bMaxPacketSize0" = 0x9
    | |       |   "bcdDevice" = 0x1100
    | |       |   "iProduct" = 0x2
    | |       |   "iSerialNumber" = 0x3
    | |       |   "bNumConfigurations" = 0x1
    | |       |   "Bus Power Available" = 0x1c2
    | |       |   "USB Address" = 0x7
    | |       |   "Built-In" = No
    | |       |   "locationID" = 0x14910000
    | |       |   "bDeviceSubClass" = 0x0
    | |       |   "bcdUSB" = 0x320
    | |       |   "USB Product Name" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |       |   "PortNum" = 0x1
    | |       |   "non-removable" = "no"
    | |       |   "kUSBSerialNumberString" = "04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M"
    | |       |   "bDeviceProtocol" = 0x0
    | |       |   "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x10000082a
    | |       |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"9dc7b780-9ec0-11d4-a54f-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |       |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"DevicePowerState"=0x0,"CurrentPowerState"=0x3,"CapabilityFlags"=0x10000,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"DriverPowerState"=0x3}
    | |       |   "Device Speed" = 0x3
    | |       |   "USB Vendor Name" = "Lexar"
    | |       |   "idVendor" = 0x21c4
    | |       |   "kUSBCurrentConfiguration" = 0x1
    | |       |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | |       |   "kUSBProductString" = "USB Flash Drive"
    | |       |   "USB Serial Number" = "04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M"
    | |       |   "kUSBVendorString" = "Lexar"
    | |       |   "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBDevice"
    | |       | }
    | |       | 
    | |       +-o AppleUSBInterface@0  <class AppleUSBInterface, id 0x100000839, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |           {
    | |             "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"2d9786c6-9ef3-11d4-ad51-000a27052861"="IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle"}
    | |             "bcdDevice" = 0x1100
    | |             "idProduct" = 0xcd1
    | |             "bInterfaceSubClass" = 0x6
    | |             "bConfigurationValue" = 0x1
    | |             "locationID" = 0x14910000
    | |             "AppleUSBAlternateServiceRegistryID" = 0x100000837
    | |             "IOClassNameOverride" = "IOUSBInterface"
    | |             "bInterfaceProtocol" = 0x50
    | |             "iInterface" = 0x0
    | |             "bAlternateSetting" = 0x0
    | |             "idVendor" = 0x21c4
    | |             "bInterfaceNumber" = 0x0
    | |             "bInterfaceClass" = 0x8
    | |             "bNumEndpoints" = 0x2
    | |           }
    | |           
    | +-o com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless  <class com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless, id 0x100000322, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless"
    | |     "IOClass" = "com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType5" = Yes
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeDataless"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib  <class com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib, id 0x100000323, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOClass" = "com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType7" = Yes
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType9" = Yes
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_AppleFSCompression_AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib"
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType4" = Yes
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib"
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType10" = Yes
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType8" = Yes
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType11" = Yes
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.AppleFSCompressionTypeZlib"
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType12" = Yes
    | |     "com.apple.AppleFSCompression.providesType3" = Yes
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleImage4  <class AppleImage4, id 0x100000324, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.security.AppleImage4"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleImage4"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleImage4"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.security.AppleImage4"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.security.AppleImage4"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleImage4UserClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleMobileFileIntegrity  <class AppleMobileFileIntegrity, id 0x100000325, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMobileFileIntegrity"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleMobileFileIntegrity"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleMobileFileIntegrity"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMobileFileIntegrity"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleMobileFileIntegrity"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleMobileFileIntegrityUserClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleSystemPolicy  <class AppleSystemPolicy, id 0x100000326, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 7>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleSystemPolicy"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleSystemPolicy"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleSystemPolicy"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.AppleSystemPolicy"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.AppleSystemPolicy"
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleSystemPolicyUserClient"
    | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x2,"MaxPowerState"=0x1,"CurrentPowerState"=0x1}
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleSystemPolicyUserClient  <class AppleSystemPolicyUserClient, id 0x10000049c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 213, syspolicyd"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o com_apple_BootCache  <class com_apple_BootCache, id 0x100000327, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.BootCache"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_BootCache"
    | |     "IOClass" = "com_apple_BootCache"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.BootCache"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.BootCache"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o com_apple_filesystems_hfs  <class com_apple_filesystems_hfs, id 0x100000328, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.hfs.kext"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_filesystems_hfs"
    | |     "IOClass" = "com_apple_filesystems_hfs"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.hfs.kext"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.hfs.kext"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o com_apple_filesystems_hfs_encodings  <class com_apple_filesystems_hfs_encodings, id 0x100000329, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.filesystems.hfs.encodings.kext"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_filesystems_hfs_encodings"
    | |     "IOClass" = "com_apple_filesystems_hfs_encodings"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.filesystems.hfs.encodings.kext"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.filesystems.hfs.encodings.kext"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOHIDResource  <class IOHIDResource, id 0x10000032a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOHIDResource"
    | |     "IOClass" = "IOHIDResource"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "IOHIDResourceDeviceUserClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOHIDSystem  <class IOHIDSystem, id 0x10000032b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 13>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOHIDSystem"
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountMaxTimeDeltaBetween" = 0x258
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | | |   "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | | |   "HIDServiceGlobalModifiersUsage" = 0x1
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "HIDIdleTime" = 0x6e3fc2b76
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountIgnoreMomentumScrolls" = Yes
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountAccelerationFactor" = 0x28000
    | | |   "HIDServiceSupport" = Yes
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountMouseCanReset" = Yes
    | | |   "IOCFPlugInTypes" = {"0516B563-B15B-11DA-96EB-0014519758EF"="IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDNXEventRouter.plugin"}
    | | |   "VendorID" = 0x5ac
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountMinDeltaToSustain" = 0x14
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOHID"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOHIDFamily"
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountBootDefault" = {"HIDScrollCountMinDeltaToStart"=0x1e,"HIDScrollCountAccelerationFactor"=0x28000,"HIDScrollCountMouseCanReset"=Yes,"HIDScrollCountIgnoreMomentumScrolls"=Yes,"HIDScrollCountMinDeltaToSustain"=0x14,"HIDScrollCountMax"=0x7d0,"HIDScrollCountMaxTimeDeltaBetween"=0x258,"HIDScrollCountMaxTimeDeltaToSustain"=0xfa}
    | | |   "PrimaryUsage" = 0x17
    | | |   "CursorState" = {"LastMoveCursor (Seconds ago)"="2332.869735","LastShowCursor (Seconds ago)"="2332.867132","LastHideCursor (Seconds ago)"="2332.867135"}
    | | |   "HIDPowerOnDelayNS" = 0x1dcd6500
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "PrimaryUsagePage" = 0xff00
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountMinDeltaToStart" = 0x1e
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountMaxTimeDeltaToSustain" = 0xfa
    | | |   "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportGroupName"="Cursor","IOReportChannels"=((0x437572736f72546f,0xf00180003,"Cursor Total Latency")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelConfig"=<6400000000000000000000000a000000204e0000000000000100000005000000>,"IOReportChannelUnit"=0x100007900000000},"IOReportSubGroupName"="Total"},{"IOReportGroupName"="Cursor","IOReportChannels"=((0x437572736f724772,0xf00180003,"Cursor Graphics Latency")),"IOReportChannelInfo"={"IOReportChannelConfig"=<6400000000000000000000000a000000204e0000000000000100000005000000>$
    | | |   "HIDParameters" = {"HIDMouseKeysOptionToggles"=0x0,"JitterNoClick"=0x1,"ActuateDetents"=0x1,"Dragging"=0x0,"HIDSlowKeysDelay"=0x0,"JitterNoMove"=0x1,"TrackpadThreeFingerHorizSwipeGesture"=0x2,"HIDInitialKeyRepeat"=0x1dcd6500,"TrackpadThreeFingerDrag"=No,"HIDPointerAcceleration"=0xb000,"UserPreferences"=Yes,"HIDDefaultParameters"=Yes,"TrackpadHorizScroll"=0x1,"HIDF12EjectDelay"=0xfa,"TrackpadFourFingerVertSwipeGesture"=0x2,"TrackpadTwoFingerFromRightEdgeSwipeGesture"=0x3,"USBMouseStopsTrackpad"=0x0,"TrackpadThreeFingerTapGesture"=0x$
    | | |   "HIDScrollCountMax" = 0x7d0
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IOHIDUserClient  <class IOHIDUserClient, id 0x1000005ce, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCrossEndianCompatible" = Yes
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOHIDEventSystemUserClient  <class IOHIDEventSystemUserClient, id 0x1000005d5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCrossEndianCompatible" = Yes
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOHIDParamUserClient  <class IOHIDParamUserClient, id 0x100000635, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCrossEndianCompatible" = Yes
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOHIDParamUserClient  <class IOHIDParamUserClient, id 0x100000649, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCrossEndianCompatible" = Yes
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOHIDParamUserClient  <class IOHIDParamUserClient, id 0x1000006bd, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCrossEndianCompatible" = Yes
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 429, Dock"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOHIDParamUserClient  <class IOHIDParamUserClient, id 0x1000006be, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCrossEndianCompatible" = Yes
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o IONetworkStack  <class IONetworkStack, id 0x10000032c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 16>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IONetworkStack"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IONetworkStack"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IONetworkingFamily"
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "IONetworkStackUserClient"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IONetworkStackUserClient  <class IONetworkStackUserClient, id 0x10000046c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 84, configd"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o IOSkywalkTester  <class IOSkywalkTester, id 0x10000032d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSkywalkFamily"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOSkywalkTester"
    | |     "IOClass" = "IOSkywalkTester"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSkywalkFamily"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSkywalkFamily"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOSurfaceRoot  <class IOSurfaceRoot, id 0x10000032e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 128>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSurface"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOSurfaceRoot"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOSurfaceRoot"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSurface"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSurface"
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000608, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000006a8, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 240, VDCAssistant"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000006c1, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 429, Dock"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000006d5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 497, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000006fd, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 505, iconservicesagen"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000741, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 587, SafeEjectGPUServ"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000746, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "gpu-policies" = {"GPUSelectionPolicy"="avoidRemovable"}
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 158, loginwindow"
    | | |     "gpu-policies-info" = {"GPUSelectionPolicy"="bundle"}
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x10000075a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 609, com.apple.dock.e"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x10000075f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 619, Adobe CEF Helper"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000767, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 626, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000775, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 629, VTEncoderXPCServ"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000794, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 630, Adobe Desktop Se"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000007a5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 433, Finder"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000007ae, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 682, Terminal"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000007b5, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 725, Google Chrome He"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000007b9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 729, VTDecoderXPCServ"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000007c9, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 732, VTEncoderXPCServ"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000007e3, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 716, Google Chrome"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x1000007fd, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 792, Google Chrome He"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000808, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 794, Google Chrome He"
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOSurfaceRootUserClient  <class IOSurfaceRootUserClient, id 0x100000823, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 571, ScreenTimeWidget"
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS  <class AppleBSDKextStarter, id 0x10000032f, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 4>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOName" = "AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBSDKextStarter"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_driver_AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleBSDKextStarter"
    | |     "AppleBSDKextStarterBundleIdentifiers" = "com.apple.filesystems.tmpfs"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleBSDKextStarter"
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleSCSISubsystemGlobals  <class AppleSCSISubsystemGlobals, id 0x100000455, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleSCSISubsystemGlobals"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSCSIArchitectureModelFamily"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "com.apple.iokit.SCSISubsystemGlobals"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClockingManager  <class AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClockingManager, id 0x100000555, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0xfa0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClocking"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClockingManager"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClockingManager"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClocking"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleIntelSlowAdaptiveClocking"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleGPUWrangler  <class AppleGPUWrangler, id 0x100000556, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (2 ms), retain 10>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOClass" = "AppleGPUWrangler"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AppleGPUWrangler"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "stats" = <0200000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000010000000000000001000000000000000000000000000000>
    | | |   "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleGPUWranglerClient"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x64
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | |   "Config" = {"default"=({"InitFlags"=0x7,"default"=Yes})}
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleGPUWrangler"
    | | |   "diagnose" = <0000000000000000>
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "NeedsPolicyDriver" = No
    | | |   "PlatformSupportsExternalGPUs" = <01>
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.AppleGPUWrangler"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.AppleGPUWrangler"
    | | |   "debug-gpus" = ({"id"=0xd17,"acc"=0x100000545,"fbs"=(),"gpuc"=0x0,"pci"=0x100000205,"agdp"=0x0,"tsa"=0x19b0612ab,"tgp"=0x69394e,"cc"=0x3,"tgd"=0x6363bc,"flags"=0xb2000010,"tds"=0x0},{"id"=0x88b9,"acc"=0x10000057e,"fbs"=(0x10000057f,0x100000581,0x100000583,0x100000585),"gpuc"=0x10000053a,"pci"=0x100000202,"agdp"=0x1000005e4,"tsa"=0x1ae115251,"tgp"=0x692594,"cc"=0x9,"tgd"=0x6363e5,"flags"=0xbe000020,"tds"=0x636b9f})
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o AppleGraphicsDeviceControlPlugin  <class AppleGraphicsDeviceControlPlugin, id 0x100000561, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    | | | | {
    | | | | }
    | | | | 
    | | | +-o AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics  <class AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics, id 0x100000562, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |     {
    | | |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | | |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics"
    | | |       "IOMatchCategory" = "AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics"
    | | |       "IOClass" = "AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics"
    | | |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics"
    | | |       "IOProviderClass" = "AppleGraphicsDeviceControlPlugin"
    | | |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.AGDCPluginDisplayMetrics"
    | | |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | |     }
    | | |     
    | | +-o AppleGPUWranglerClient  <class AppleGPUWranglerClient, id 0x100000576, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 130, displaypolicyd"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleGPUWranglerClient  <class AppleGPUWranglerClient, id 0x1000005e0, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleGPUWranglerClient  <class AppleGPUWranglerClient, id 0x10000064c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o AppleGPUWranglerClient  <class AppleGPUWranglerClient, id 0x100000740, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 587, SafeEjectGPUServ"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o AppleDiskImagesController  <class AppleDiskImagesController, id 0x100000558, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleDiskImages2"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleDiskImageDevice"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleDiskImagesController"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleDiskImages2"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleDiskImages2"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "DIDeviceCreatorUserClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AppleHV  <class AppleHV, id 0x100000559, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHV"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleHV"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleHV"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHV"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.AppleHV"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "AppleHVClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X  <class Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X, id 0x10000055a, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X"
    | |     "IOClass" = "Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOAVBNub  <class IOAVBNub, id 0x10000055b, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOAVBFamily"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOAVBNub"
    | |     "IOClass" = "IOAVBNub"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOAVBFamily"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOAVBFamily"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "IOAVBNubUserClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOTimeSyncClockManager"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOBluetoothSerialManager  <class IOBluetoothSerialManager, id 0x10000055c, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (228 ms), retain 6>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOPropertyMatch" = {"IOSerialManagerMustLoad"=Yes}
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothSerialManager"
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOBluetoothSerialManager"
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IOBluetoothSerialManager"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothSerialManager"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOBluetoothSerialManager"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IOBluetoothSerialClient  <class IOBluetoothSerialClient, id 0x100000565, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0 (227 ms), retain 5>
    | |   | {
    | |   |   "BTName" = "incoming port - Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |   |   "P49SerialPort" = 0x1
    | |   |   "HiddenPort" = 0x1
    | |   |   "IOTTYBaseName" = "Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |   |   "BTRFCOMMChannel" = 0x3
    | |   |   "BTAuthenticationRequired" = No
    | |   |   "BTTTYName" = "Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |   |   "BTSerialConnectionType" = 0x0
    | |   |   "BTEncryptionType" = No
    | |   |   "BTPSM" = 0x3
    | |   | }
    | |   | 
    | |   +-o IOBluetoothSerialClientSerialStreamSync  <class IOBluetoothSerialClientSerialStreamSync, id 0x10000056a, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (227 ms), retain 7>
    | |     | {
    | |     |   "IOTTYBaseName" = "Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |     |   "IOTTYSuffix" = ""
    | |     | }
    | |     | 
    | |     +-o IOSerialBSDClient  <class IOSerialBSDClient, id 0x100000579, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |         {
    | |           "IOClass" = "IOSerialBSDClient"
    | |           "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily"
    | |           "IOProviderClass" = "IOSerialStreamSync"
    | |           "IOTTYBaseName" = "Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |           "IOSerialBSDClientType" = "IORS232SerialStream"
    | |           "IOProbeScore" = 0x3e8
    | |           "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |           "IOCalloutDevice" = "/dev/cu.Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |           "IOMatchCategory" = "IODefaultMatchCategory"
    | |           "IOTTYDevice" = "Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |           "IODialinDevice" = "/dev/tty.Bluetooth-Incoming-Port"
    | |           "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily"
    | |           "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOSerialFamily"
    | |           "IOTTYSuffix" = ""
    | |         }
    | |         
    | +-o IODisplayWrangler  <class IODisplayWrangler, id 0x10000055d, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (174 ms), retain 11>
    | | | {
    | | |   "IOClass" = "IODisplayWrangler"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOGraphicsFamily"
    | | |   "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | | |   "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x8040,"MaxPowerState"=0x4,"ActivityTickles"=0x21,"DevicePowerState"=0x4,"IdleTimerPeriod"=0x7b0c0,"TimeSinceLastTickle"=0xbb1d,"IdleTimerElapsedTime"=0x43331,"CurrentPowerState"=0x4}
    | | |   "IOGraphicsIgnoreParameters" = {"aupc"=Yes,"auph"=Yes," bpc"=Yes,"aums"=Yes,"aupp"=Yes}
    | | |   "IOGraphicsPrefsParameters" = {"thue"=Yes,"pscn"=Yes,"vbst"=Yes,"oscn"=Yes,"tbri"=Yes,"cyuv"=0x10000000,"tsat"=Yes}
    | | |   "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | | |   "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | | |   "IOMatchCategory" = "IOGraphics"
    | | |   "IOGeneralInterest" = "IOCommand is not serializable"
    | | |   "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOGraphicsFamily"
    | | |   "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOGraphicsFamily"
    | | | }
    | | | 
    | | +-o IOGDiagnosticGTraceClient  <class IOGDiagnosticGTraceClient, id 0x1000005df, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | | |   {
    | | |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | | |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | | |   }
    | | |   
    | | +-o IOAccelerationUserClient  <class IOAccelerationUserClient, id 0x100000636, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    | |     {
    | |       "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 151, WindowServer"
    | |       "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    | |     }
    | |     
    | +-o AppleUSBUserHCIResources  <class AppleUSBUserHCIResources, id 0x10000055e, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBUserHCI"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "AppleUSBUserHCIResources"
    | |     "IOClass" = "AppleUSBUserHCIResources"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBUserHCI"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.usb.AppleUSBUserHCI"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IORTC"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o IOUserEthernetResource  <class IOUserEthernetResource, id 0x10000055f, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUserEthernet"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "IOUserEthernetResource"
    | |     "IOClass" = "IOUserEthernetResource"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUserEthernet"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.iokit.IOUserEthernet"
    | |     "IOUserClientClass" = "IOUserEthernetResourceUserClient"
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o com_apple_driver_pmtelemetry  <class com_apple_driver_pmtelemetry, id 0x100000560, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 5>
    | |   {
    | |     "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.driver.pmtelemetry"
    | |     "IOMatchCategory" = "com_apple_driver_pmtelemetry"
    | |     "IOClass" = "com_apple_driver_pmtelemetry"
    | |     "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.driver.pmtelemetry"
    | |     "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    | |     "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.driver.pmtelemetry"
    | |     "IOReportLegendPublic" = Yes
    | |     "IOResourceMatch" = "IOBSD"
    | |     "IOReportLegend" = ({"IOReportChannels"=((0x4c54525f53504100,0x100020001,"SPA Raw"),(0x4c54525f53504101,0x100020001,"SPA Snoop"),(0x4c54525f53504102,0x100020001,"SPA No Snoop"),(0x4c54525f53504103,0x100020001,"SPA Ign"),(0x4c54525f53504200,0x100020001,"SPB Raw"),(0x4c54525f53504201,0x100020001,"SPB Snoop"),(0x4c54525f53504202,0x100020001,"SPB No Snoop"),(0x4c54525f53504203,0x100020001,"SPB Ign"),(0x4c54525f53415441,0x100020001,"SATA Raw"),(0x4c54525f53415442,0x100020001,"SATA Snoop"),(0x4c54525f53415443,0x100020001,"SATA No Snoop")$
    | |   }
    | |   
    | +-o AMDRadeonServiceManager  <class AMDRadeonServiceManager, id 0x10000056c, !registered, !matched, active, busy 0, retain 5>
    |     {
    |       "IOPropertyMatch" = {"AMDRadeonLoadSvcMgr"=Yes}
    |       "CFBundleIdentifier" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonServiceManager"
    |       "IOMatchCategory" = "AMDRadeonServiceManager"
    |       "IOClass" = "AMDRadeonServiceManager"
    |       "IOPersonalityPublisher" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonServiceManager"
    |       "IOProviderClass" = "IOResources"
    |       "CFBundleIdentifierKernel" = "com.apple.kext.AMDRadeonServiceManager"
    |       "IOProbeScore" = 0x0
    |       "IOSourceVersion" = "4.6.20"
    |       "IOResourceMatch" = "IOKit"
    |     }
    |     
    +-o IOUserResources  <class IOUserResources, id 0x100000118, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 6>
    |   {
    |     "IOKit" = "IOService"
    |     "IOResourceMatched" = ("IOKit")
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0-0x100000528)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x100000593, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    |   {
    |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 325, com.apple.AppleU"
    |     "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"
    |     "IOUserServerTag" = 0x100000528
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0-0x100000547)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x100000594, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    |   {
    |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 328, com.apple.AppleU"
    |     "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"
    |     "IOUserServerTag" = 0x100000547
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0-0x100000529)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x100000595, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    |   {
    |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 326, com.apple.AppleU"
    |     "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice0"
    |     "IOUserServerTag" = 0x100000529
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice1-0x100000514)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x100000596, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    |   {
    |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 324, com.apple.AppleU"
    |     "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDevice1"
    |     "IOUserServerTag" = 0x100000514
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDeviceKB-0x100000549)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x100000597, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    |   {
    |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 327, com.apple.AppleU"
    |     "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserUSBHostHIDDeviceKB"
    |     "IOUserServerTag" = 0x100000549
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver-0x1000005a3)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x1000005b4, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    |   {
    |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 330, com.apple.AppleU"
    |     "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    |     "IOUserServerTag" = 0x1000005a3
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver-0x1000005af)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x1000005b7, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
    |   {
    |     "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
    |     "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
    |     "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 331, com.apple.AppleU"
    |     "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
    |     "IOUserServerTag" = 0x1000005af
    |   }
    |   
    +-o IOUserServer(com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver-0x1000005b2)  <class IOUserServer, id 0x1000005b9, registered, matched, active, busy 0 (0 ms), retain 11>
        {
          "IOUserClientDefaultLocking" = Yes
          "IOPowerManagement" = {"CapabilityFlags"=0x0,"MaxPowerState"=0x2,"CurrentPowerState"=0x0}
          "IOUserClientCreator" = "pid 332, com.apple.AppleU"
          "IOUserServerName" = "com.apple.driverkit.AppleUserHIDEventDriver"
          "IOUserServerTag" = 0x1000005b2
        }
        


    Power Management logs:

      Source: /usr/bin/pmset -g log
      Size: 17 KB (17,085 bytes)
      Last Modified: 2022-11-03, 7:10 PM
      Recent Contents: PM ASL data store: /var/log/powermanagement
2022-11-03 18:31:38 -0400 ShutdownCause           SMC shutdown cause: -14:                                                                 
2022-11-03 18:31:39 -0400 HibernateStats          hibmode=0 standbydelaylow=0 standbydelayhigh=0                                           0             

Time stamp                Domain                  Message                                                                        Duration      Delay     
==========                ======                  =======                                                                        ========      =====     
UUID: Unknown UUID
2022-11-03 18:31:39 -0400 Failure                 Failure during sleep: 0x0000001F : EFI/Bootrom Failure after last point of entry to sleep              
Sleep/Wakes since boot:0   Dark Wake Count in this sleep cycle:0

Time stamp                Domain                  Message                                                                        Duration      Delay     
==========                ======                  =======                                                                        ========      =====     
UUID: (null)
2022-11-03 18:31:39 -0400 Start                   powerd process is started                                                                
2022-11-03 18:31:39 -0400 Assertions              Summary- [System: No Assertions] Using AC          
2022-11-03 18:31:50 -0400 Assertions              Kernel Idle sleep preventers: IODisplayWrangler          
2022-11-03 18:31:56 -0400 Assertions              PID 151(WindowServer) Created UserIsActive "com.apple.iohideventsystem.queue.tickle serviceID:10000032b name:IOHIDSystem product:NULL eventType:1" 00:00:00  id:0x0x90000809e [System: DeclUser kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:32:38 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008208 [System: PrevDisp DeclUser kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:32:39 -0400 Notification            Next immediate inactivity window start:'2022-11-03 18:30:00 -0400' end:'2022-11-04 18:30:00 -0400'              
2022-11-03 18:32:39 -0400 Notification            Next largest inactivity window start:'2022-11-03 18:30:00 -0400' end:'2022-11-04 18:30:00 -0400'              
2022-11-03 18:32:46 -0400 Assertions              PID 105(mds) Released BackgroundTask "com.apple.metadata.mds.power" 00:00:54  id:0x0xb0000803d [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:34:58 -0400 Assertions              PID 86(powerd) Created InternalPreventDisplaySleep "com.apple.powermanagement.delayDisplayOff" 00:00:00  id:0x0x1000008234 [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:34:58 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:02:20  id:0x0x500008208 [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:16 -0400 Assertions              PID 74(UserEventAgent) Released BackgroundTask "com.apple.mds.Health check (2).0" 00:01:16  id:0x0xb00008308 [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:35 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000831d [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:39 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:03  id:0x0x50000831d [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:42 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000831e [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:43 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:01  id:0x0x50000831e [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:45 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008320 [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:45 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008320 [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:46 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008321 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:38:59 -0400 Assertions              PID 74(UserEventAgent) Released BackgroundTask "com.apple.mds.Health check (2).1" 00:01:58  id:0x0xb00008309 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:39:10 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:24  id:0x0x500008321 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:39:10 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008325 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:43:58 -0400 Assertions              PID 252(coreaudiod) TurnedOff PreventUserIdleSystemSleep "com.apple.audio.BuiltInHeadphoneOutputDevice.context.preventuseridlesleep" 00:04:47  id:0x0x1000082d0 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:43:58 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:04:47  id:0x0x500008325 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:43:58 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008331 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:45:38 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:01:40  id:0x0x500008331 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:45:38 -0400 Assertions              PID 252(coreaudiod) TurnedOff PreventUserIdleSystemSleep "com.apple.audio.BuiltInHeadphoneOutputDevice.context.preventuseridlesleep" 00:01:40  id:0x0x1000082d0 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:45:39 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoIdleSleepAssertion "Playing audio" 00:06:52  id:0x0x100008322 [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:45:45 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008338 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:46:38 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:53  id:0x0x500008338 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:46:39 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000833c [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:51:38 -0400 Assertions              PID 86(powerd) TimedOut InternalPreventDisplaySleep "com.apple.powermanagement.delayDisplayOff" 00:05:00  id:0x0x1000008234 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:51:38 -0400 Assertions              Summary- [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser kDisp] Using AC          
2022-11-03 18:51:52 -0400 Assertions              PID 86(powerd) Created ExternalMedia "com.apple.powermanagement.externalmediamounted" 00:00:00  id:0x0x800008356 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:53:09 -0400 Assertions              PID 105(mds) Released BackgroundTask "com.apple.metadata.mds.power" 00:01:16  id:0x0xb00008358 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:55:46 -0400 Assertions              PID 86(powerd) TurnedOn InternalPreventDisplaySleep "com.apple.powermanagement.delayDisplayOff" 00:00:00  id:0x0x1000008234 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:55:46 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:09:07  id:0x0x50000833c [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:55:47 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000836b [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:55:50 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:02  id:0x0x50000836b [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:55:52 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000836c [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:56:51 -0400 Assertions              PID 252(coreaudiod) TurnedOff PreventUserIdleSystemSleep "com.apple.audio.BuiltInHeadphoneOutputDevice.context.preventuseridlesleep" 00:10:12  id:0x0x1000082d0 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:56:51 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:59  id:0x0x50000836c [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:56:52 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008371 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:59:03 -0400 Assertions              PID 252(coreaudiod) TurnedOff PreventUserIdleSystemSleep "com.apple.audio.BuiltInHeadphoneOutputDevice.context.preventuseridlesleep" 00:02:11  id:0x0x1000082d0 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:59:03 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:02:10  id:0x0x500008371 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 18:59:03 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x5000083dd [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:05 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:04:02  id:0x0x5000083dd [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:07 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoIdleSleepAssertion "Playing audio" 00:17:21  id:0x0x100008339 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:13 -0400 Assertions              PID 252(coreaudiod) TurnedOff PreventUserIdleSystemSleep "com.apple.audio.BuiltInHeadphoneOutputDevice.context.preventuseridlesleep" 00:04:09  id:0x0x1000082d0 [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:13 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008406 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:23 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:09  id:0x0x500008406 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:23 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008408 [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:27 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:03  id:0x0x500008408 [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:32 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008409 [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:33 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x500008409 [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:38 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000840b [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:38 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000840b [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:40 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000840c [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:41 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000840c [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:46 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000840d [System: PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:48 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:02  id:0x0x50000840d [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:03:48 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000840e [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:07:18 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:03:29  id:0x0x50000840e [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:07:20 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Released NoIdleSleepAssertion "Playing audio" 00:03:31  id:0x0x10000840f [System: PrevIdle DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:07:26 -0400 Assertions              PID 252(coreaudiod) TurnedOff PreventUserIdleSystemSleep "com.apple.audio.BuiltInHeadphoneOutputDevice.context.preventuseridlesleep" 00:03:37  id:0x0x1000082d0 [System: DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          
2022-11-03 19:07:26 -0400 Assertions              PID 716(Google Chrome) Created NoDisplaySleepAssertion "Video Wake Lock" 00:00:00  id:0x0x50000841f [System: PrevIdle PrevDisp DeclUser IntPrevDisp kDisp]          

2022-11-03 19:10:32 -0400 : Showing all currently held IOKit power assertions
Assertion status system-wide:
   BackgroundTask                 0
   ApplePushServiceTask           0
   UserIsActive                   1
   PreventUserIdleDisplaySleep    1
   PreventSystemSleep             0
   ExternalMedia                  1
   InternalPreventDisplaySleep    1
   PreventUserIdleSystemSleep     1
   NetworkClientActive            0
Listed by owning process:
   pid 252(coreaudiod): [0x0000086a000182d0] 00:03:06 PreventUserIdleSystemSleep named: "com.apple.audio.BuiltInHeadphoneOutputDevice.context.preventuseridlesleep"  
    Created for PID: 800. 
   pid 86(powerd): [0x000004c400088356] 00:18:40 ExternalMedia named: "com.apple.powermanagement.externalmediamounted"  
   pid 86(powerd): [0x000005ae00108234] 00:03:14 InternalPreventDisplaySleep named: "com.apple.powermanagement.delayDisplayOff"  
    Timeout will fire in 106 secs Action=TimeoutActionTurnOff
   pid 716(Google Chrome): [0x0000086a00018420] 00:03:06 NoIdleSleepAssertion named: "Playing audio"  
   pid 716(Google Chrome): [0x0000086a0005841f] 00:03:06 NoDisplaySleepAssertion named: "Video Wake Lock"  
   pid 151(WindowServer): [0x0000000b0009809e] 00:00:29 UserIsActive named: "com.apple.iohideventsystem.queue.tickle serviceID:1000005b2 name:AppleUserHIDEventSe product:Macally XKEYHUB USB eventType:3"  
    Timeout will fire in 570 secs Action=TimeoutActionRelease
Kernel Assertions: 0x104=USB,MAGICWAKE
   id=502  level=255 0x4=USB creat=2022-11-03, 6:34 PM description=com.apple.usb.externaldevice.14100000 owner=USB2.0 Hub
   id=504  level=255 0x4=USB creat=2022-11-03, 6:37 PM description=com.apple.usb.externaldevice.14900000 owner=USB3.0 Hub
   id=506  level=255 0x4=USB creat=2022-11-03, 6:38 PM description=com.apple.usb.externaldevice.14600000 owner=USB2.0 Hub
   id=508  level=255 0x4=USB creat=2022-11-03, 6:40 PM description=com.apple.usb.externaldevice.14300000 owner=USB Optical Mouse
   id=509  level=255 0x4=USB creat=2022-11-03, 6:42 PM description=com.apple.usb.externaldevice.14630000 owner=Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard
   id=510  level=255 0x100=MAGICWAKE creat=2022-11-03, 6:34 PM description=en0 owner=en0
   id=511  level=255 0x4=USB creat=2022-11-03, 7:05 PM description=com.apple.usb.externaldevice.14910000 owner=USB Flash Drive
Idle sleep preventers: IODisplayWrangler


Managed Client:

    com.apple.iTunes:

        disableMusicStore:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.iTunes (User)

        PayloadUUID:

          Value: 494F9A78-CB42-474B-99D3-00C25101711D-iTunesPayload
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.iTunes (User)

    com.apple.applicationaccess:

        allowMusicVideos:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowExplicitContent:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowInAppPurchases:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowGameCenterProfilePrivacyModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowedGameCenterOtherPlayerTypes:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowDictation:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        ratingMovies:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowScreenRecording:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowPodcasts:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowMusicArtistActivity:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowBookstoreErotica:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowNews:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowVehicleUI:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowTVProviderModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAssistant:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowSafari:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAutomaticAppUpdatesModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAppRemoval:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        ratingApps:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowVideoConferencing:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowPasscodeModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowCamera:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAppInstallation:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        ratingTVShows:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        forceITunesStorePasswordEntry:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAddingGameCenterFriends:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        forceAssistantProfanityFilter:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowGameCenterFriendsSharingModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowCellularPlanModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowDriverDoNotDisturbModifications:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowGameCenterProfileModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowBookstore:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAccountModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        blacklistedAppBundleIDs:

          Value: ( "com.apple.mobilemail", "com.apple.Passbook", "com.apple.Health", "com.apple.Fitness" )
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAppClips:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        forceAutomaticDateAndTime:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        ratingRegion:

          Value: ca
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAppCellularDataModification:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        PayloadUUID:

          Value: 01F0B37A-B3BE-4710-9333-7CFC39E755EC
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User), com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowGameCenterPrivateMessaging:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowAssistantUserGeneratedContent:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

        allowGameCenterNearbyMultiplayer:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.applicationaccess (User)

    com.apple.SoftwareUpdate:

        AutomaticDownload:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer)

        PayloadUUID:

          Value: 01ABF4A8-C200-455C-A9C6-A35010149C51
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer)

        _manualProfile:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer)

        restrict-software-update-require-admin-to-install:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer)

        AutomaticallyInstallAppUpdates:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer)

        AutomaticallyInstallMacOSUpdates:

          Value: 0
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer), com.apple.SoftwareUpdate (Computer)

    com.apple.NetworkBrowser:

        DisableAirDrop:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.NetworkBrowser (User)

        PayloadUUID:

          Value: 0031F671-3236-4CB1-8917-EF6805AFA624
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.NetworkBrowser (User)

    com.apple.appstore:

        _manualProfile:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.appstore (Computer), com.apple.appstore (Computer)

        PayloadUUID:

          Value: 40E17314-06F8-4486-A844-831515E8901C
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.appstore (Computer), com.apple.appstore (Computer)

        DisableSoftwareUpdateNotifications:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.appstore (Computer), com.apple.appstore (Computer)

    com.apple.familycontrols.contentfilter:

        useContentFilter:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.familycontrols.contentfilter (User)

        PayloadUUID:

          Value: 9E2425DC-260C-412F-8617-E97F10021CB6
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.familycontrols.contentfilter (User)

        restrictWeb:

          Value: 1
          State: always
          Source: com.apple.familycontrols.contentfilter (User)

Memory:

    Memory Slots:

      ECC: Disabled
      Upgradeable Memory: Yes

        Slot 1 (Channel A / DIMM 1):

          Size: Empty
          Type: Empty
          Speed: Empty
          Status: Empty
          Manufacturer: Empty
          Part Number: Empty
          Serial Number: Empty

        Slot 2 (Channel A / DIMM 0):

          Size: 4 GB
          Type: DDR4
          Speed: 2667 MHz
          Status: OK
          Manufacturer: SK Hynix
          Part Number: HMA851S6DJR6N-VK
          Serial Number: 84796A70

        Slot 3 (Channel B / DIMM 1):

          Size: Empty
          Type: Empty
          Speed: Empty
          Status: Empty
          Manufacturer: Empty
          Part Number: Empty
          Serial Number: Empty

        Slot 4 (Channel B / DIMM 0):

          Size: 4 GB
          Type: DDR4
          Speed: 2667 MHz
          Status: OK
          Manufacturer: SK Hynix
          Part Number: HMA851S6DJR6N-VK
          Serial Number: 84796A52

NVMExpress:

    Apple SSD Controller:

        APPLE SSD AP0512N:

          Capacity: 500.28 GB (500,277,792,768 bytes)
          TRIM Support: Yes
          Model: APPLE SSD AP0512N
          Revision: 1,161.100
          Serial Number: C02101302D2016724
          Link Width: x4
          Link Speed: 8.0 GT/s
          Detachable Drive: No
          BSD Name: disk0
          Partition Map Type: GPT (GUID Partition Table)
          Removable Media: No
          S.M.A.R.T. status: Verified
          Volumes:
            EFI:
              Capacity: 314.6 MB (314,572,800 bytes)
              File System: MS-DOS FAT32
              BSD Name: disk0s1
              Content: EFI
              Volume UUID: E783267B-A4C3-3556-B751-DBED770EB996
            disk0s2:
              Capacity: 499.96 GB (499,963,174,912 bytes)
              BSD Name: disk0s2
              Content: Apple_APFS

Network:

    Ethernet:

      Type: Ethernet
      Hardware: Ethernet
      BSD Device Name: en0
      IPv4 Addresses: 192.168.8.62
      IPv4:
          Additional Routes:
              Destination Address: 192.168.8.62
              Subnet Mask: 255.255.255.255
              Destination Address: 169.254.0.0
              Subnet Mask: 255.255.0.0
          Addresses: 192.168.8.62
          ARP Resolved Hardware Address: 68:9e:0b:81:ce:df
          ARP Resolved IP Address: 192.168.8.254
          Configuration Method: Manual
          Confirmed Interface Name: en0
          Interface Name: en0
          Network Signature: IPv4.Router=192.168.8.254;IPv4.RouterHardwareAddress=68:9e:0b:81:ce:df
          Router: 192.168.8.254
          Subnet Masks: 255.255.255.0
      IPv6:
          Configuration Method: Automatic
      DNS:
          Server Addresses: 192.168.2.2, 192.168.2.3, 192.168.2.4
      Ethernet:
          MAC Address: 3c:7d:0a:0c:39:13
          Media Options: Full Duplex
          Media Subtype: 1000baseT
      Proxies:
          Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
          FTP Passive Mode: Yes
          HTTP Proxy Enabled: Yes
          HTTP Proxy Port: 80
          HTTP Proxy Server: 192.168.1.205
      Service Order: 0

    USB 10/100/1000 LAN:

      Type: Ethernet
      Hardware: Ethernet
      BSD Device Name: en6
      IPv4:
          Configuration Method: DHCP
      IPv6:
          Configuration Method: Automatic
      Proxies:
          Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
          FTP Passive Mode: Yes
      Service Order: 1

    Wi-Fi:

      Type: AirPort
      Hardware: AirPort
      BSD Device Name: en1
      IPv4:
          Configuration Method: DHCP
      IPv6:
          Configuration Method: Automatic
      Ethernet:
          MAC Address: 88:66:5a:00:bf:ee
          Media Options: 
          Media Subtype: Auto Select
      Proxies:
          Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
          FTP Passive Mode: Yes
          HTTP Proxy Enabled: Yes
          HTTP Proxy Port: 80
          HTTP Proxy Server: 192.168.1.205
      Service Order: 2

    Bluetooth PAN:

      Type: Ethernet
      Hardware: Ethernet
      BSD Device Name: en5
      IPv4:
          Configuration Method: DHCP
      IPv6:
          Configuration Method: Automatic
      Proxies:
          Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
          FTP Passive Mode: Yes
      Service Order: 3

    Thunderbolt Bridge:

      Type: Ethernet
      Hardware: Ethernet
      BSD Device Name: bridge0
      IPv4:
          Configuration Method: DHCP
      IPv6:
          Configuration Method: Automatic
      Proxies:
          Exceptions List: *.local, 169.254/16
          FTP Passive Mode: Yes
      Service Order: 4

Power:

    System Power Settings:

      AC Power:
          System Sleep Timer (Minutes): 1
          Disk Sleep Timer (Minutes): 10
          Display Sleep Timer (Minutes): 10
          Sleep on Power Button: Yes
          Automatic Restart on Power Loss: No
          Wake on LAN: Yes
          Current Power Source: Yes
          Display Sleep Uses Dim: Yes
          Hibernate Mode: 3
          PrioritizeNetworkReachabilityOverSleep: 0

    Hardware Configuration:

      UPS Installed: No

Preference Panes:

    Accessibility:

      Version: 7.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.universalaccess
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/UniversalAccessPref.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Apple ID:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.AppleIDPrefPane
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/AppleIDPrefPane.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Battery:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: No
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.battery
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Battery.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Bluetooth:

      Version: 8.0.5
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.Bluetooth
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Bluetooth.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    CDs & DVDs:

      Version: 1.7
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: No
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.digihub.discs
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/DigiHubDiscs.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Class Progress:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: No
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.ClassKitPreferencePane
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/ClassKitPreferencePane.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Classroom:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: No
      Identifier: com.apple.ClassroomSettings
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/ClassroomSettings.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Date & Time:

      Version: 7.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.datetime
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/DateAndTime.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Desktop & Screen Saver:

      Version: 5.1
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.desktopscreeneffect
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/DesktopScreenEffectsPref.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Displays:

      Version: 4.1
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.displays
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Displays.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Dock & Menu Bar:

      Version: 2.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.dock
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Dock.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Energy Saver:

      Version: 9.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.energysaver
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/EnergySaver.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Extensions:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.extensions
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Extensions.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Family Sharing:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.FamilySharingPrefPane
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/FamilySharingPrefPane.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Fibre Channel:

      Version: 2.6
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: No
      Identifier: com.apple.prefpanel.fibrechannel
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/FibreChannel.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    General:

      Version: 7.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.general
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Appearance.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Internet Accounts:

      Version: 258
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.internetaccounts
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/InternetAccounts.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Keyboard:

      Version: 14.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.keyboard
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Keyboard.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Language & Region:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.Localization
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Localization.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Mission Control:

      Version: 1.8
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.expose
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Expose.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Mouse:

      Version: 14.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.mouse
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Mouse.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Network:

      Version: 4.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.network
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Network.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Notifications:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.notifications
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Notifications.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Printers & Scanners:

      Version: 9.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.printfax
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/PrintAndScan.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Profiles:

      Version: 8.5
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.configurationprofiles
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Profiles.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Screen Time:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.screentime
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/ScreenTime.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Security & Privacy:

      Version: 14.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.security
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Security.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Sharing:

      Version: 13.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.sharing
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/SharingPref.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Sidecar:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.sidecar
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Sidecar.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Siri:

      Version: 3006.2.1
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.speech
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Speech.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Software Update:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.softwareupdate
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/SoftwareUpdate.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Sound:

      Version: 10.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.sound
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Sound.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Spotlight:

      Version: 6.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.spotlight
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Spotlight.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Startup Disk:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.startupdisk
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/StartupDisk.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Time Machine:

      Version: 10.9
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.prefs.backup
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/TimeMachine.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Touch ID:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: No
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.password
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/TouchID.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Trackpad:

      Version: 14.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preference.trackpad
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Trackpad.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Users & Groups:

      Version: 14.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: Yes
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.users
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Accounts.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

    Wallet & Apple Pay:

      Version: 1.0
      Supported By: Apple
      Visible: No
      Identifier: com.apple.preferences.wallet
      Location: /System/Library/PreferencePanes/Wallet.prefPane
      Kind: 64-Bit

Printer Software:

    PPDs:

      PPDs:
          Path: /Library/Printers/PPDs/Contents/Resources/EPSON FAX A3.gz
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/PPDs/Contents/Resources/EPSON FAX.gz
          Version: 1.71

    Printers:

      Printers:
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_jgdir.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_rotate.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq4811.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_sfusb.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.4.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_farec.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_hsl.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_caps.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_qare.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq2415.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_smac.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_dscrn.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_tdg.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_ddoct.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_ago8.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq4809.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.2.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_bjnp.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.10.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_mldo9.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_racs2.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_lld09.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 3.9.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq2413.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.2.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq4807.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.3.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_mcrp3.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_mldv0.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_lld.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 4.4.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_zoom.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_mldo0.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_mcrpp.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_fare.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_cubs.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_sfusb2.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.5.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq2414.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.2.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_ag.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_ausm.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_gercc.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_ijfsh.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_gercg.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq4808.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.2.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_iom.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.9.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_mcrp2.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdj_cnq9601.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.2.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_mldo8.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Plugins/cijsdm_tonec.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Frameworks/CIJSDM.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 2.1.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Frameworks/CIJSDA.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 3.1.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Frameworks/CIJSDV.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/Canon/IJScanner/Frameworks/CIJSDE.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 1.4.0
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Libraries/FaxRecipientLib2.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Libraries/FICLib.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Libraries/rastertotiff.framework/Versions/A/Resources/TIFFInfo.plist
          Version: 1.73
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Libraries/rastertotiff.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 1.73
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/FaxIOSupport/FaxReceiveLib.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/FaxIOSupport/epsonfax.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/FaxIOSupport/FaxIOService.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
          Version: 1.72
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/PDEs/PDECPlugin.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Icons/EpsonFax.icons/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.00
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Filter/commandFilter.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Filter/rastertoepfax.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/AutoSetupTool/EPFaxAutoSetupTool.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Help/Epson_IJFax_C.help/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.41
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/SupportPrinters/FaxSupportInfo.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.10
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/FAX Utility.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.73
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Fax Receive Monitor.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Plugins/FaxTransmissionRecord.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Plugins/FaxPrinterSpeedDial.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Plugins/FaxSettings.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Plugins/FaxCheckConnection.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Plugins/FaxReceive.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Plugins/FaxSyncContacts.plugin/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.71
          Path: /Library/Printers/EPSON/Fax/Utility/Help/Epson_IJFaxUTY.help/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.41

    Image Capture Devices:

      Image Capture Devices:
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter A1.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.9
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 54.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.11
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/FIT.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 3.7.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter DD.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 10C.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.6.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 66.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.12
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter C3.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.2
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 95.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.2.2
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter EB.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.4
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter CA.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.4
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 111.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.1
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 68.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.5
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 23.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.2
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 52.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.4
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 8B.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.5
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 7A.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.8
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 7C.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.11
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Image Filter2.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 4.4.01
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 1D.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.2
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 6E.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.4
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 94.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.2.2
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter FE.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 86.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.1
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter AD.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.2.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 32.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.4
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 43.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.6
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter C2.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.2
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/DDC.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.2
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 41.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.1.3
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 30.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.6
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/ImageFilter.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 3.2.1
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 7E.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.4
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/PlugIns/Interpreter 5A.bundle/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 1.0.5
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Resources/ModelInfo.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceInfo.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Resources/ResolutionInfo.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Resources/ProfileInfo.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Resources/RegionCodeInfo.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceMatchingInfo.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Resources/HardwareInfo.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/EPSON Scanner.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 5.7.24
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner4.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceInfo.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner4.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceMatchingInfo.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner4.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner6.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceInfo.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner6.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceMatchingInfo.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner6.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner2.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceInfo.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner2.app/Contents/Resources/DeviceMatchingInfo.plist
          Version: 4.0.0
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Devices/Canon IJScanner2.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 4.0.0

    Image Capture Support:

      Image Capture Support:
          Path: /Library/Image Capture/Support/LegacyDeviceDiscoveryHelpers/AirScanLegacyDiscovery.app/Contents/Info.plist
          Version: 16.1

    System Library Extensions:

      System Library Extensions:
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleXserveRAID.kext
          Version: 511.141.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/FireWireStorageDeviceSpecifics.kext
          Version: 511.141.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/USBStorageDeviceSpecifics.kext
          Version: 511.141.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleATAPIStorage.kext
          Version: 511.141.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/SCSIDeviceSpecifics.kext
          Version: 511.141.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleStorageDrivers.kext/Contents/PlugIns/SonyXDCAMDriver.kext
          Version: 511.141.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AFKACIPCKext.kext
          Version: 1.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleHIDKeyboardEmbedded.kext
          Version: 1.2.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/IOStreamFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOStreamUserClient.kext
          Version: 1.1.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBSDKextStarter.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBSDKextStarterVPN.kext
          Version: 1.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleBSDKextStarter.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleBSDKextStarterTMPFS.kext
          Version: 1.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext
          Version: 4050.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleTopCaseDriverV2.kext
          Version: 4050.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleTopCase.kext/Contents/PlugIns/AppleTopCaseActuatorHIDDriver.kext
          Version: 4050.1
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/IOVideoFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOVideoDeviceUserClient.kext
          Version: 1.2.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleGameControllerPersonality.kext
          Version: 1.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/AppleUSBTopCase.kext
          Version: 256
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDEventDriver.kext
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDUserClient.kext
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/IOHIDFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOHIDEventDriverSafeBoot.kext
          Version: 2.0.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBHIDDriverSafeBoot.kext
          Version: 900.4.2
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/CellPhoneHelper.kext
          Version: 1.4.0
          Path: /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBHostHIDDeviceSafeBoot.kext
          Version: 1.2

    Library Extensions:

      Library Extensions:
          Path: /Library/Extensions/AppleMobileDevice.kext
          Version: 4.0

Printers:

      Status: The printers list is empty. To add printers, choose Apple menu > System Preferences…, click Printers & Scanners, and then click Add (+).
      CUPS Version: 2.3.4 (cups-494.3)

Profiles:

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    ** Error ** *** -[__NSDictionaryM setObject:forKey:]: object cannot be nil (key: _name):

    Device Configuration Profiles:

        Disable Software Update Notification:

          Description: Disables software update notifications to reduce the likelihood of a software update while Frozen.
          Organization: Faronics Deep Freeze
          Installation Date: Wednesday, September 1, 2021 at 10:49:29 AM Eastern Daylight Time (2021-09-01 14:49:29 +0000)
          Identifier: com.faronics.SWUpdatesDisableNotifications
          UUID: 17FB3109-FD65-440E-89C9-F66C0C4EA864
          Version: 1
          Verification State: Verified
          Removal Disallowed: Yes

            com.apple.appstore:

              Description: Disables software update notifications to reduce the likelihood of a software update while Frozen.
              Organization: Faronics Deep Freeze
              Name: Software Update Settings
              Identifier: com.faronics.SWUpdatesDisableNotifications
              UUID: 40E17314-06F8-4486-A844-831515E8901C
              Version: 1
              Payload Data: {
    DisableSoftwareUpdateNotifications = 1;
}

        Disable Automatic Software Update Installs:

          Description: Disables automatic install of software updates (On Catalina or higher) and restricts software updates to admin users (On Mojave or higher) to reduce the likelihood of a software update while Frozen.
          Organization: Faronics Deep Freeze
          Installation Date: Wednesday, September 1, 2021 at 10:49:35 AM Eastern Daylight Time (2021-09-01 14:49:35 +0000)
          Identifier: com.faronics.SWUpdatesRequireAdmin
          UUID: EF8D86F6-23C7-4C93-AD2D-42DFF7A9850F
          Version: 1
          Verification State: Verified
          Removal Disallowed: Yes

            com.apple.SoftwareUpdate:

              Description: Disables automatic install of software updates to reduce the likelihood of a software update while Frozen.
              Organization: Faronics Deep Freeze
              Name: Disable automatic update installs
              Identifier: com.faronics.SWUpdatesDisableAutoInstall
              UUID: 01ABF4A8-C200-455C-A9C6-A35010149C51
              Version: 1
              Payload Data: {
    AutomaticDownload = 0;
    AutomaticallyInstallAppUpdates = 0;
    AutomaticallyInstallMacOSUpdates = 0;
}

            com.apple.SoftwareUpdate:

              Description: Restricts software update installs to admin users to reduce the likelihood of a software update while Frozen.
              Organization: Faronics Deep Freeze
              Name: Restrict updates to admin users
              Identifier: com.faronics.SWUpdatesRequireAdmin
              UUID: 0D06E1D0-91E5-43C3-A5AB-D0DD751E3F17
              Version: 2
              Payload Data: {
    "restrict-software-update-require-admin-to-install" = 1;
}

Raw Support:

    Canon EOS 800D:

    PENTAX RICOH GR II:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX5:

    Canon PowerShot G3:

    Canon EOS Rebel T4i:

    iPhone 9,4 backtelephotocamera:

    Leica D-Lux 4:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G7:

    Nikon D2Xs:

    Fujifilm X-E3:

    Canon EOS Rebel SL3:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-9M2:

    iPhone9,2 tele:

    Nikon COOLPIX P340:

    Canon EOS 1200D:

    iPad 8,3 backcamera:

    Canon PowerShot G9 X Mark II:

    Nikon 1 J4:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A580:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A35:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ300:

    Pentax K110D:

    Hasselblad H5D-50c:

    Canon EOS Kiss 8000D:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GH1:

    iPad 8,7 backcamera:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ82:

    Nikon D7100:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7R II:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100:

    Nikon D600:

    iPhone11,4 back telephoto:

    PENTAX RICOH GR III:

    Sony Alpha NEX-5T:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZH1:

    Leaf Aptus-II 7:

    Fujifilm X20:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX10:

    Olympus E-3:

    Fujifilm FinePix S2Pro:

    Nikon D90:

    Sony DSC-RX0M2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ38:

    Olympus C70Z:

    Nikon E8800:

    Canon PowerShot G1 X Mark II:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 III:

    Canon EOS 5D:

    Sony DSC-HX99:

    Fujifilm X-T20:

    Fujifilm X-T1:

    Phase One IQ3 100:

    Canon EOS Kiss X4:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 V:

    Canon EOS 70D:

    Olympus OM-D E-M1:

    iPhone11,2 back telephoto:

    Nikon D1H:

    Canon PowerShot G1 X Mark III:

    Canon EOS Digital Rebel XSi:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GX7MK3:

    Nikon D3:

    Canon EOS Rebel T3i:

    Leica D-Lux 6:

    Canon EOS M100:

    Sony Alpha NEX-C3:

    Sony Alpha NEX-F3:

    Nikon 1 J3:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ202:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX10 III:

    Canon EOS 5D Mark II:

    Leica Q (Typ 116):

    Fujifilm FinePix X100:

    Olympus SP-570UZ:

    Canon EOS M200:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ71:

    Olympus PEN E-PL1s:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GX1:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GM1S:

    Leica X (Typ 113):

    Konica Minolta ALPHA-7 DIGITAL:

    Hasselblad H3D-31:

    Olympus OM-D E-M10:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G10:

    Canon EOS Digital Rebel XS:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A100:

    Pentax Q:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GX850:

    Nikon Df:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GF5:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ93:

    Nikon D4S:

    Canon EOS Rebel T6s:

    Canon EOS 20D:

    Olympus E-300:

    Olympus PEN Lite E-PL6:

    iPhone12,5 backtelephoto:

    Canon EOS Kiss X70:

    Canon EOS Rebel T2i:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A550:

    Nikon 1 J2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-ZS70:

    Fujifilm X-T3:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX1R:

    Leica X Vario (Typ 107):

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX1:

    Hasselblad CFV-16:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ60:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-FZ80:

    Fujifilm X-T10:

    Olympus OM-D E-M10 MarkIII:

    Nikon COOLPIX P7800:

    Fujifilm XQ1:

    Fujifilm X-H1:

    Nikon Z50:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX15:

    Canon EOS 1300D:

    iPhone 10,1 back camera:

    iPad 7,3 backcamera:

    Fujifilm X-A2:

    Nikon D3200:

    Sony DSC-RX10M4:

    Nikon D3500:

    Nikon 1 V3:

    iPhone 11,8 backcamera:

    Nikon D850:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 II:

    Nikon D200:

    Canon PowerShot SX50 HS:

    Canon PowerShot G16:

    Olympus PEN E-PL2:

    Pentax K-m:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LC1:

    Nikon D60:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A99:

    Canon PowerShot SX1 IS:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ80:

    Nikon 1 AW1:

    Canon EOS Kiss Digital:

    Hasselblad CF-39:

    Nikon 1 J1:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A55:

    Nikon D3X:

    Canon EOS Rebel T1i:

    Hasselblad CF-22:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-6500:

    Canon PowerShot S95:

    Canon PowerShot S100V:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-FZ85:

    Nikon 1 S2:

    Leica X2:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A390:

    Canon EOS Kiss X80:

    Canon EOS M50:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS110:

    Canon PowerShot G10:

    Pentax K200D:

    Nikon COOLPIX P7000:

    Canon EOS 6D Mark II:

    Sony Alpha NEX-3N:

    Canon EOS Rebel T5:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GF9:

    Nikon 1 V2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ200:

    Canon Kiss X8:

    Leica M8:

    Canon PowerShot G9 X:

    Canon EOS Kiss Digital F:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS40:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GH2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ2000:

    Canon EOS M5:

    Olympus PEN E-PM1:

    iPhone 10,3 backcamera:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GH5S:

    Olympus PEN E-P3:

    Nikon 1 S1:

    Canon EOS Digital Rebel:

    Pentax K-7:

    Nikon D5100:

    Samsung GX-1S:

    Nikon COOLPIX P1000:

    Olympus OM-D E-M1 Mark II:

    Leaf Aptus 65S:

    Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark III:

    iPad 8,4 backcamera:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-G90:

    Nikon COOLPIX A1000:

    Konica Minolta ALPHA SWEET DIGITAL:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GF1:

    Olympus E-1:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ220:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A65:

    Pentax 645D:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ110:

    iPad 8,8 backcamera:

    Nikon 1 V1:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS60:

    Olympus E-600:

    Canon EOS 50D:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A850:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-CM1:

    Canon EOS-1D X Mark II:

    Canon Kiss X10:

    Canon PowerShot S100:

    Pentax K20D:

    Pentax *ist DL:

    Konica Minolta MAXXUM 5D:

    Nikon D4:

    Canon EOS RP:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ85:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-G95:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-LX100M2:

    Sony Alpha NEX-5:

    Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II:

    Konica Minolta DYNAX 7D:

    Canon EOS 2000D:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ101:

    Nikon D500:

    Canon PowerShot G5:

    Nikon D40X:

    Olympus C7070WZ:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LF1:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-6100:

    Fujifilm X70:

    Pentax MX-1:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ100:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GF6:

    Konica Minolta DiMAGE A200:

    Canon PowerShot Pro1:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX1R II:

    Leaf Aptus 54S:

    Konica Minolta MAXXUM 7D:

    Leica CL:

    Leaf Valeo 11:

    Sony NEX-VG20:

    Olympus E-330:

    Canon EOS Rebel SL1:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A37:

    iPhone 10,2 back telephoto camera:

    Nikon D2H:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-FZ81:

    Canon EOS 7D:

    Canon PowerShot G5 X:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ150:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G1:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GX7:

    Nikon D7000:

    Leica M:

    Leaf AFi 75S:

    PENTAX RICOH GR:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS220:

    Nikon E8400:

    Pentax K-70:

    Leica V-Lux 2:

    Nikon D610:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G70:

    Pentax K-5:

    Nikon E8700:

    Sony Alpha 9:

    Canon EOS Kiss X6i:

    Olympus OM-D E-M5:

    Canon EOS Rebel T6:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-S1H:

    Canon EOS-1D Mark II:

    Sony DSC-V3:

    Leica S2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G6:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-L1:

    Leica C-Lux:

    Nikon COOLPIX P7700:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS100:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A450:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX7:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GH5:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TX1:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A700:

    Leaf AFi-II 6:

    Pentax *ist DL2:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A330:

    Epson R-D1s:

    Olympus E-620:

    Olympus EVOLT E-520:

    Canon EOS-1D X:

    Pentax K-3 II:

    Fujifilm X-100F:

    Leica V-Lux 4:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ330:

    Canon EOS 80D:

    Epson R-D1:

    Kodak DCS Pro SLR/n:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-S1R:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GH3:

    Olympus STYLUS TG-4 Tough:

    Fujifilm GFX 50R:

    Pentax K100D:

    Nikon D750:

    Canon EOS 9000D:

    Leica D-Lux 3:

    Canon EOS Kiss X7i:

    Nikon D100:

    Samsung NX100:

    Fujifilm X-E2S:

    iPhone 9,1 backcamera:

    Fujifilm X-E2:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A99 II:

    Fujifilm X-Pro1:

    Nikon D800:

    Leaf AFi 7:

    Samsung GX-10:

    Pentax K-5 IIs:

    Canon EOS 100D:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ100:

    Leica M9:

    Nikon D70:

    iPhone10,6 backwide:

    Nikon D780:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-6400:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX100:

    Canon EOS-1Ds:

    Canon PowerShot G6:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GF2:

    Leaf Aptus 17:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ90:

    Samsung NX11:

    Canon PowerShot G1 X:

    Pentax K-3:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A290:

    Nikon D3100:

    Canon EOS 4000D:

    Canon EOS-M6:

    Nikon D3400:

    Olympus E-30:

    Samsung GX-1L:

    iPad 8,1 backcamera:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GX800:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-ZS80:

    Canon EOS 30D:

    Pentax K-5 II:

    Olympus E-400:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GF10:

    Leaf AFi 6:

    Sony DSC-F828:

    Canon EOS-1Ds Mark III:

    Leica D-LUX (Typ 109):

    Canon EOS 7D Mark II:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A57:

    Minolta DiMAGE A2:

    Leica M10:

    Fujifilm X-M1:

    Leica D-Lux 5:

    Nikon D5:

    Leica X-U (Typ 113):

    Samsung GX-20:

    Adobe DNG:

    Nikon D2Hs:

    Hasselblad H3DII-50:

    Canon PowerShot G11:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GF7:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7RM4:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ95:

    Canon EOS M:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A300:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GF90:

    Nikon Z6:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7R:

    Canon EOS Kiss X8i:

    Canon PowerShot S120:

    Konica Minolta DYNAX 5D:

    Canon PowerShot SX60 HS:

    Canon EOS Rebel T7:

    Canon EOS 200D:

    Hasselblad H6D-100C:

    Pentax K-x:

    Canon EOS 5D Mark IV:

    Leaf AFi 54S:

    Sony Alpha NEX-5N:

    Konica Minolta ALPHA-5 DIGITAL:

    iPhone 10,3 backtelephotocamera:

    Leaf Valeo 17:

    Fujifilm XF10:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ1000:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX3:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 VI:

    Canon PowerShot S90:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-FZ82:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ61:

    Hasselblad H3D-31 II:

    Olympus C7000Z:

    Leaf AFi 5:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G3:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GX8:

    Pentax *ist DS2:

    Canon EOS D30:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A380:

    iPhone12,3 backtelephoto:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GX80:

    Olympus E-410:

    Leica C (Typ 112):

    Nikon D1:

    Canon EOS 77D:

    Canon EOS Digital Rebel XTi:

    Pentax K-30:

    Olympus PEN E-PL1:

    Nikon D5000:

    Fujifilm X-T2:

    Sony Alpha NEX-6:

    Fujifilm X-T100:

    Canon EOS Kiss Digital X3:

    Nikon D5300:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ72:

    iPhone11,2 backwide:

    Canon EOS 250D:

    Canon PowerShot G5 X Mark II:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-6000:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G8:

    Leica D-Lux 7:

    Nikon D5600:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ81:

    Nikon COOLPIX P950:

    Nikon D40:

    Pentax K-1:

    Fujifilm X-Pro2:

    Nikon D1X:

    iPhone SE backcamera:

    Canon EOS 300D:

    Canon EOS Kiss Digital N:

    Fujifilm X-A1:

    Pentax K10D:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TX2:

    Leaf Aptus 75s:

    Pentax K-S2:

    Canon EOS Kiss X5:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-3000:

    Olympus OM-D E-M1X:

    iPad 7,1 backcamera:

    Fujifilm FinePix S3Pro:

    iPhone11,4 backwide:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-TZ70:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GH4:

    Fujifilm X100S:

    Olympus PEN E-PL8:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-5100:

    iPhone 10,2 back camera:

    Olympus PEN E-P1:

    Canon EOS 60D:

    Canon EOS 350D:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ200:

    Canon EOS Rebel SL2:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A58:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A77:

    Olympus STYLUS 1:

    Canon EOS 400D:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A350:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A33:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GF3:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GX85:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ91:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX10 II:

    Canon PowerShot S70:

    Olympus EVOLT E-420:

    Fujifilm X30:

    Nikon D7200:

    Canon EOS 6D:

    Fujifilm X-A3:

    iPad Pro (9.7-inch) backcamera:

    Leica SL2:

    iPhone10,4 wide:

    Sony Alpha 7S II:

    Nikon D7500:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ50:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7S:

    Canon EOS M3:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A230:

    Samsung NX10:

    Canon EOS 1000D:

    Leica T (Typ 701):

    Sony Alpha NEX-3:

    iPhone 6s backcamera:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-G99:

    Canon EOS 5DS R:

    Olympus C8080WZ:

    iPhone11,6 backwide:

    Nikon COOLPIX A:

    Olympus PEN Lite E-PL7:

    Canon EOS 10D:

    Fujifilm X100T:

    iPhone10,6 back telephoto:

    Leica M8.2:

    Leica M Monochrom:

    Fujifilm GFX 50S:

    Pentax 645Z:

    Nikon D700:

    Olympus OM-D E-M10 Mark II:

    Canon EOS 450D:

    Pentax K-S1:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ70:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G80:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-FZ1000M2:

    Canon EOS Kiss Digital X2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS200:

    Olympus PEN E-PL3:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A560:

    Nikon D80:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GF8:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-6300:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-ZS50:

    iPad 8,2 backcamera:

    Leica DIGILUX 2:

    Canon EOS 500D:

    Canon PowerShot S60:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-GX9:

    Leica SL (Typ 601):

    Sony Alpha SLT-A68:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ96:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GM5:

    Canon EOS-1D Mark II N:

    Fujifilm X-A5:

    iPad 8,6 backcamera:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX10:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ35:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-FZ83:

    Canon EOS M6 Mark II:

    Nikon Z7:

    Leaf Aptus 65:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G5:

    Canon EOS Rebel T7i:

    Canon EOS Digital Rebel XT:

    Canon PowerShot G7 X:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7 II:

    Nikon D300S:

    Canon Kiss X9i:

    iPhone 9,3 backcamera:

    Canon EOS D60:

    Sony DSC-RX0:

    Nikon D810:

    Canon EOS Kiss X7:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-S1:

    Pentax *ist DS:

    Sony Alpha SLT-A77 II:

    Olympus STYLUS XZ-2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G85:

    LEICA M MONOCHROM (Typ 246):

    Olympus OM-D E-M5 Mark II:

    Olympus E-5:

    iPhone12,1 backwide:

    Olympus XZ-1:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100 IV:

    Canon EOS 550D:

    Canon EOS-1Ds Mark II:

    Nikon D3000:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A200:

    Nikon D3300:

    iPad8,5 backwide:

    Leica V-Lux 1:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-LX9:

    Nikon D800E:

    Nikon D3S:

    Sony DSC-R1:

    Hasselblad H4D-40:

    Canon EOS 90D:

    Pentax K2000:

    Olympus PEN E-P5:

    Olympus PEN E-PM2:

    Canon EOS Kiss Digital X:

    Canon EOS 600D:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100M7:

    Olympus STYLUS SH-2:

    Canon PowerShot G15:

    Samsung NX200:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7M3:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7:

    Canon EOS 5DS:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A900:

    Canon EOS Rebel T6i:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX100M5A:

    Leaf Aptus 75:

    Epson R-D1x:

    Nikon B700:

    iPhone11,6 back telephoto:

    Canon EOS 1100D:

    Fujifilm FinePix S5Pro:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-7R III:

    Canon EOS-1D Mark IV:

    Canon PowerShot G12:

    Leica Q2:

    Leica S (Typ 007):

    Leaf Aptus 22:

    Sony Alpha NEX-5R:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-G91:

    Canon EOS Rebel T100:

    Nikon D300:

    iPhone12,3 backwide:

    Pentax *ist D:

    DxO ONE:

    Sony Alpha NEX-7:

    Olympus E-450:

    Canon EOS-1D C:

    Nikon D50:

    Canon EOS 5D Mark III:

    Pentax K-r:

    Canon EOS Rebel T3:

    Canon EOS 40D:

    Olympus E-500:

    Olympus PEN-F:

    Sony DSC-HX95:

    Leaf Aptus-II 6:

    Nikon COOLPIX P6000:

    Nikon D2X:

    Canon EOS 650D:

    Canon EOS-1D:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ92:

    Leica DIGILUX 3:

    Canon EOS M10:

    Canon EOS 700D:

    Leica V-LUX (Typ 114):

    iPhone 6s Plus backcamera:

    Fujifilm X-A10:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-6600:

    Fujifilm XQ2:

    Leica D-Lux 2:

    Canon PowerShot S110:

    Olympus PEN E-PL5:

    Canon EOS Rebel T5i:

    Nikon COOLPIX P330:

    Fujifilm X-E1:

    Nikon D70s:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GM1:

    Canon PowerShot G3 X:

    Canon PowerShot SX70 HS:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-FZ2500:

    Nikon D5200:

    Canon EOS-1D Mark III:

    Minolta DiMAGE A1:

    Nikon D5500:

    Leica TL2:

    Canon EOS M2:

    Olympus PEN Lite E-PL9:

    Pentax K100D Super:

    Leaf Valeo 22:

    iPhone12,5 backwide:

    Sony Alpha ILCE-5000:

    Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX1:

    iPhone10,5 telephoto:

    Canon EOS Kiss X50:

    Canon EOS-M100:

    iPhone9,2 wide:

    Nikon 1 J5:

    Leaf AFi-II 7:

    Nikon D810A:

    Nikon COOLPIX P7100:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G81:

    iPhone10,5 wide:

    Olympus PEN E-P2:

    iPhone 9,4 backcamera:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-G2:

    Canon EOS R:

    Fujifilm X-T30:

    Canon EOS 750D:

    Olympus E-510:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-G9:

    Canon PowerShot G9:

    Panasonic LUMIX DMC-GX7MK2:

    Panasonic LUMIX DC-TZ97:

    Leica X1:

    Leica V-Lux 5:

    Canon EOS 760D:

    Sony Alpha DSLR-A500:

SmartCards:

    Readers:

    Reader Drivers:

      #01: org.debian.alioth.pcsclite.smartcardccid:1.4.32 (/usr/libexec/SmartCardServices/drivers/ifd-ccid.bundle)

    SmartCard Drivers:

      #01: com.apple.CryptoTokenKit.pivtoken:1.0 (/System/Library/Frameworks/CryptoTokenKit.framework/PlugIns/pivtoken.appex)

    Available SmartCards (keychain):

        com.apple.setoken:

        com.apple.setoken:aks:

    Available SmartCards (token):

        com.apple.setoken:

        com.apple.setoken:aks:

Software:

    System Software Overview:

      System Version: macOS 11.6 (20G165)
      Kernel Version: Darwin 20.6.0
      Boot Volume: iMac
      Boot Mode: Normal
      Computer Name: CH-iMAC
      User Name: User (user)
      Secure Virtual Memory: Enabled
      System Integrity Protection: Enabled
      Time since boot: 39 minutes

Storage:

    iMac - Data:

      Free: 304.62 GB (304,622,956,544 bytes)
      Capacity: 499.96 GB (499,963,174,912 bytes)
      Mount Point: /System/Volumes/Data
      File System: APFS
      Writable: Yes
      Ignore Ownership: No
      BSD Name: disk1s1
      Volume UUID: 5C7B779C-AE93-4DBB-AB1E-ECEA7B866475
      Physical Drive:
          Device Name: APPLE SSD AP0512N
          Media Name: AppleAPFSMedia
          Medium Type: SSD
          Protocol: PCI-Express
          Internal: Yes
          Partition Map Type: Unknown
          S.M.A.R.T. Status: Verified

    StorageSpace:

      Free: 304.62 GB (304,622,956,544 bytes)
      Capacity: 499.96 GB (499,963,174,912 bytes)
      Mount Point: /Library/Application Support/Faronics/Private/StorageSpace
      File System: APFS
      Writable: Yes
      Ignore Ownership: No
      BSD Name: disk1s8
      Volume UUID: 4934BB8C-6341-4E68-8D71-90987DD9F05E
      Physical Drive:
          Device Name: APPLE SSD AP0512N
          Media Name: AppleAPFSMedia
          Medium Type: SSD
          Protocol: PCI-Express
          Internal: Yes
          Partition Map Type: Unknown
          S.M.A.R.T. Status: Verified

    StorageSpace:

      Free: 304.62 GB (304,622,956,544 bytes)
      Capacity: 499.96 GB (499,963,174,912 bytes)
      Mount Point: /Volumes/StorageSpace 1
      File System: APFS
      Writable: Yes
      Ignore Ownership: No
      BSD Name: disk1s7
      Volume UUID: 2006C660-7752-4E80-A5AE-B18C815290F3
      Physical Drive:
          Device Name: APPLE SSD AP0512N
          Media Name: AppleAPFSMedia
          Medium Type: SSD
          Protocol: PCI-Express
          Internal: Yes
          Partition Map Type: Unknown
          S.M.A.R.T. Status: Verified

    iMac:

      Free: 304.62 GB (304,622,956,544 bytes)
      Capacity: 499.96 GB (499,963,174,912 bytes)
      Mount Point: /
      File System: APFS
      Writable: No
      Ignore Ownership: No
      BSD Name: disk1s5s1
      Volume UUID: 6971781D-1F29-4B4A-B0A0-2C750123A355
      Physical Drive:
          Device Name: APPLE SSD AP0512N
          Media Name: AppleAPFSMedia
          Medium Type: SSD
          Protocol: PCI-Express
          Internal: Yes
          Partition Map Type: Unknown
          S.M.A.R.T. Status: Verified

    Borg:

      Free: 19.82 GB (19,818,381,312 bytes)
      Capacity: 30.82 GB (30,820,794,368 bytes)
      Mount Point: /Volumes/Borg
      File System: ExFAT
      Writable: Yes
      Ignore Ownership: Yes
      BSD Name: disk2s2
      Volume UUID: 28EBD15A-2ACB-3CF0-8228-18670BDFCFF0
      Physical Drive:
          Device Name: USB Flash Drive
          Media Name: Lexar USB Flash Drive Media
          Protocol: USB
          Internal: No
          Partition Map Type: GPT (GUID Partition Table)

Sync Services:

    Sync Services Summary:

      Mac OS Version: 10.6

    Logs:

Thunderbolt/USB4:

    Thunderbolt Bus:

      Vendor Name: Apple Inc.
      Device Name: iMac
      UID: 0x0001BD7E68684400
      Route String: 0
      Firmware Version: 58.2
      Domain UUID: 19ADC681-41B8-5F56-918C-87D86570E5A0
      Port:
          Status: No device connected
          Link Status: 0x101
          Speed: Up to 40 Gb/s x1
          Current Link Width: 0x1
          Receptacle: 1
          Link Controller Firmware Version: 1.42.0
      Port:
          Status: No device connected
          Link Status: 0x101
          Speed: Up to 40 Gb/s x1
          Current Link Width: 0x1
          Receptacle: 2
          Link Controller Firmware Version: 1.42.0

USB:

    USB 3.1 Bus:

      Host Controller Driver: AppleIntelCNLUSBXHCI
      PCI Device ID: 0x06ed 
      PCI Revision ID: 0x0000 
      PCI Vendor ID: 0x8086 

        USB3.0 Hub:

          Product ID: 0x0616
          Vendor ID: 0x05e3  (Genesys Logic, Inc.)
          Version: 92.26
          Speed: Up to 5 Gb/s
          Manufacturer: GenesysLogic
          Location ID: 0x14900000 / 2
          Current Available (mA): 900
          Current Required (mA): 0
          Extra Operating Current (mA): 0

            USB Flash Drive:

              Product ID: 0x0cd1
              Vendor ID: 0x21c4  (Netcom Technology (HK) Limited)
              Version: 11.00
              Serial Number: 04AVER6ZSY5FAJ6M
              Speed: Up to 5 Gb/s
              Manufacturer: Lexar
              Location ID: 0x14910000 / 7
              Current Available (mA): 900
              Current Required (mA): 304
              Extra Operating Current (mA): 0
              Media:
                USB Flash Drive:
                  Capacity: 31.04 GB (31,037,849,600 bytes)
                  Removable Media: Yes
                  BSD Name: disk2
                  Logical Unit: 0
                  Partition Map Type: GPT (GUID Partition Table)
                  S.M.A.R.T. status: Verified
                  USB Interface: 0
                  Volumes:
                    EFI:
                      Capacity: 209.7 MB (209,715,200 bytes)
                      File System: MS-DOS FAT32
                      BSD Name: disk2s1
                      Content: EFI
                      Volume UUID: 0E239BC6-F960-3107-89CF-1C97F78BB46B
                    Borg:
                      Capacity: 30.83 GB (30,826,037,248 bytes)
                      Free: 19.82 GB (19,818,381,312 bytes)
                      Writable: Yes
                      File System: ExFAT
                      BSD Name: disk2s2
                      Mount Point: /Volumes/Borg
                      Content: Microsoft Basic Data
                      Volume UUID: 28EBD15A-2ACB-3CF0-8228-18670BDFCFF0

        USB2.0 Hub:

          Product ID: 0x0608
          Vendor ID: 0x05e3  (Genesys Logic, Inc.)
          Version: 85.36
          Speed: Up to 480 Mb/s
          Location ID: 0x14600000 / 3
          Current Available (mA): 500
          Current Required (mA): 100
          Extra Operating Current (mA): 0

            Macally XKEYHUB USB Keyboard:

              Product ID: 0x0043
              Vendor ID: 0x2222
              Version: 1.10
              Speed: Up to 1.5 Mb/s
              Manufacturer: Macally Peripherals
              Location ID: 0x14630000 / 6
              Current Available (mA): 500
              Current Required (mA): 100
              Extra Operating Current (mA): 0

        USB Optical Mouse:

          Product ID: 0x2510
          Vendor ID: 0x093a  (Pixart Imaging, Inc.)
          Version: 1.00
          Speed: Up to 1.5 Mb/s
          Manufacturer: PixArt
          Location ID: 0x14300000 / 4
          Current Available (mA): 500
          Current Required (mA): 100
          Extra Operating Current (mA): 0

        USB2.0 Hub:

          Product ID: 0x0610
          Vendor ID: 0x05e3  (Genesys Logic, Inc.)
          Version: 92.26
          Speed: Up to 480 Mb/s
          Manufacturer: GenesysLogic
          Location ID: 0x14100000 / 1
          Current Available (mA): 500
          Current Required (mA): 100
          Extra Operating Current (mA): 0

    USB 3.1 Bus:

      Host Controller Driver: AppleUSBXHCITR
      PCI Device ID: 0x15ec 
      PCI Revision ID: 0x0006 
      PCI Vendor ID: 0x8086 
      Bus Number: 0x00 

    Apple T2 Bus:

      Host Controller Driver: AppleUSBVHCIBCE

        Headset:

          Product ID: 0x8103
          Vendor ID: 0x05ac (Apple Inc.)
          Version: 2.19
          Serial Number: 000000000000
          Manufacturer: Apple
          Location ID: 0x80400000

        Ambient Light Sensor:

          Product ID: 0x8262
          Vendor ID: 0x05ac (Apple Inc.)
          Version: 2.01
          Serial Number: 000000000000
          Manufacturer: Apple Inc.
          Location ID: 0x80300000

        FaceTime HD Camera (Built-in):

          Product ID: 0x8514
          Vendor ID: 0x05ac (Apple Inc.)
          Version: 2.01
          Serial Number: 00000000000000000
          Manufacturer: Apple Inc.
          Location ID: 0x80200000

        Apple T2 Controller:

          Product ID: 0x8233
          Vendor ID: 0x05ac (Apple Inc.)
          Version: 2.01
          Serial Number: 0000000000000000
          Manufacturer: Apple Inc.
          Location ID: 0x80100000

Volumes:

    home:

      Type: autofs
      Mount Point: /System/Volumes/Data/home
      Mounted From: map auto_home
      Automounted: Yes

Wi-Fi:

      Software Versions:
          CoreWLAN: 16.0 (1657)
          CoreWLANKit: 16.0 (1657)
          Menu Extra: 17.0 (1728)
          System Information: 15.0 (1502)
          IO80211 Family: 12.0 (1200.12.2b1)
          Diagnostics: 11.0 (1163)
          AirPort Utility: 6.3.9 (639.15)
      Interfaces:
        en1:
          Card Type: AirPort Extreme  (0x14E4, 0x7BF)
          Firmware Version: wl0: Aug 10 2021 20:10:47 version 9.30.444.18.32.5.71 FWID 01-30b2601e
          MAC Address: 88:66:5a:00:bf:ee
          Locale: FCC
          Country Code: X0
          Wake On Wireless: Supported
          AirDrop: Supported
          AirDrop Channel: 0
          Auto Unlock: Supported
          Status: Off

name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _knowledgegraphd
password: *
uid: 279
gid: 279
dir: /var/db/knowledgegraphd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Knowledge Graph Daemon

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/db/softwareupdate
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _captiveagent
password: *
uid: 258
gid: 258
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: captiveagent

name: _logd
password: *
uid: 272
gid: 272
dir: /var/db/diagnostics
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Log Daemon

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _xserverdocs
password: *
uid: 251
gid: 251
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: macOS Server Documents Service

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _appinstalld
password: *
uid: 273
gid: 273
dir: /var/db/appinstalld
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: App Install Daemon

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _applepay
password: *
uid: 260
gid: 260
dir: /var/db/applepay
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: applepay Account

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _analyticsd
password: *
uid: 263
gid: 263
dir: /var/db/analyticsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Analytics Daemon

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _ondemand
password: *
uid: 249
gid: 249
dir: /var/db/ondemand
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: On Demand Resource Daemon

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _cmiodalassistants
password: *
uid: 262
gid: 262
dir: /var/db/cmiodalassistants
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreMedia IO Assistants User

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _sophos
password: ********
uid: 504
gid: 702
dir: /dev/null
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SophosEndpoint

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _ctkd
password: *
uid: 259
gid: 259
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ctkd Account

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _datadetectors
password: *
uid: 257
gid: 257
dir: /var/db/datadetectors
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DataDetectors

name: _installcoordinationd
password: *
uid: 274
gid: 274
dir: /var/db/installcoordinationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Coordination Daemon

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: dilbert
password: ********
uid: 501
gid: 20
dir: /Users/dilbert
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: Dilbert

name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _fpsd
password: *
uid: 265
gid: 265
dir: /var/db/fpsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FPS Daemon

name: Guest
password: *
uid: 201
gid: 201
dir: /Users/Guest
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: Guest User

name: _timed
password: *
uid: 266
gid: 266
dir: /var/db/timed
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Time Sync Daemon

name: _fud
password: *
uid: 278
gid: 278
dir: /var/db/fud
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Firmware Update Daemon

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _rmd
password: *
uid: 277
gid: 277
dir: /var/db/rmd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Remote Management Daemon

name: _appstore
password: *
uid: 33
gid: 33
dir: /var/db/appstore
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mac App Store Service

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: _nsurlstoraged
password: *
uid: 243
gid: 243
dir: /var/db/nsurlstoraged
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _nsurlstoraged

name: _mbsetupuser
password: *
uid: 248
gid: 248
dir: /var/setup
shell: /bin/bash
gecos: Setup User

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _driverkit
password: *
uid: 270
gid: 270
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DriverKit

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _demod
password: *
uid: 275
gid: 275
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Demo Daemon

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _oahd
password: *
uid: 441
gid: 441
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: OAH Daemon

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _mobileasset
password: *
uid: 253
gid: 253
dir: /var/ma
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MobileAsset User

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _coreml
password: *
uid: 280
gid: 280
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreML Services

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _trustd
password: *
uid: 282
gid: 282
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: trustd

name: chstaff
password: ********
uid: 505
gid: 20
dir: /Users/chstaff
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: CHStaff

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _serialnumberd
password: *
uid: 58
gid: 58
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _serialnumberd

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: user
password: ********
uid: 503
gid: 20
dir: /Users/user
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: User

name: _wwwproxy
password: *
uid: 252
gid: 252
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WWW Proxy

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _nearbyd
password: *
uid: 268
gid: 268
dir: /var/db/nearbyd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Proximity and Ranging Daemon

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _hidd
password: *
uid: 261
gid: 261
dir: /var/db/hidd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: HID Service User

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _diskimagesiod
password: *
uid: 271
gid: 271
dir: /var/db/diskimagesiod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DiskImages IO Daemon

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _gamecontrollerd
password: *
uid: 247
gid: 247
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Game Controller Daemon

name: _reportmemoryexception
password: *
uid: 269
gid: 269
dir: /var/db/reportmemoryexception
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ReportMemoryException

name: _findmydevice
password: *
uid: 254
gid: 254
dir: /var/db/findmydevice
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Find My Device Daemon

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: techteam
password: ********
uid: 502
gid: 20
dir: /Users/techteam
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: TechTeam

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _appstore
password: *
uid: 33
gid: 33
dir: /var/db/appstore
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mac App Store Service

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/db/softwareupdate
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account

name: _gamecontrollerd
password: *
uid: 247
gid: 247
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Game Controller Daemon

name: _mbsetupuser
password: *
uid: 248
gid: 248
dir: /var/setup
shell: /bin/bash
gecos: Setup User

name: _ondemand
password: *
uid: 249
gid: 249
dir: /var/db/ondemand
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: On Demand Resource Daemon

name: _xserverdocs
password: *
uid: 251
gid: 251
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: macOS Server Documents Service

name: _wwwproxy
password: *
uid: 252
gid: 252
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WWW Proxy

name: _mobileasset
password: *
uid: 253
gid: 253
dir: /var/ma
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MobileAsset User

name: _findmydevice
password: *
uid: 254
gid: 254
dir: /var/db/findmydevice
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Find My Device Daemon

name: _datadetectors
password: *
uid: 257
gid: 257
dir: /var/db/datadetectors
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DataDetectors

name: _captiveagent
password: *
uid: 258
gid: 258
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: captiveagent

name: _ctkd
password: *
uid: 259
gid: 259
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ctkd Account

name: _applepay
password: *
uid: 260
gid: 260
dir: /var/db/applepay
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: applepay Account

name: _hidd
password: *
uid: 261
gid: 261
dir: /var/db/hidd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: HID Service User

name: _cmiodalassistants
password: *
uid: 262
gid: 262
dir: /var/db/cmiodalassistants
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreMedia IO Assistants User

name: _analyticsd
password: *
uid: 263
gid: 263
dir: /var/db/analyticsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Analytics Daemon

name: _fpsd
password: *
uid: 265
gid: 265
dir: /var/db/fpsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FPS Daemon

name: _timed
password: *
uid: 266
gid: 266
dir: /var/db/timed
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Time Sync Daemon

name: _nearbyd
password: *
uid: 268
gid: 268
dir: /var/db/nearbyd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Proximity and Ranging Daemon

name: _reportmemoryexception
password: *
uid: 269
gid: 269
dir: /var/db/reportmemoryexception
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ReportMemoryException

name: _driverkit
password: *
uid: 270
gid: 270
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DriverKit

name: _diskimagesiod
password: *
uid: 271
gid: 271
dir: /var/db/diskimagesiod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DiskImages IO Daemon

name: _logd
password: *
uid: 272
gid: 272
dir: /var/db/diagnostics
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Log Daemon

name: _appinstalld
password: *
uid: 273
gid: 273
dir: /var/db/appinstalld
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: App Install Daemon

name: _installcoordinationd
password: *
uid: 274
gid: 274
dir: /var/db/installcoordinationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Coordination Daemon

name: _demod
password: *
uid: 275
gid: 275
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Demo Daemon

name: _rmd
password: *
uid: 277
gid: 277
dir: /var/db/rmd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Remote Management Daemon

name: _fud
password: *
uid: 278
gid: 278
dir: /var/db/fud
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Firmware Update Daemon

name: _knowledgegraphd
password: *
uid: 279
gid: 279
dir: /var/db/knowledgegraphd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Knowledge Graph Daemon

name: _coreml
password: *
uid: 280
gid: 280
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreML Services

name: _trustd
password: *
uid: 282
gid: 282
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: trustd

name: _oahd
password: *
uid: 441
gid: 441
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: OAH Daemon

AFPUserAliases
Aliases
Automount
AutomountMap
ComputerGroups
ComputerLists
Computers
Config
Ethernets
Groups
Hosts
Mounts
NetGroups
Networks
People
PresetComputerGroups
PresetComputerLists
PresetComputers
PresetGroups
PresetUsers
Protocols
RPC
Services
SharePoints
Users
Cannot open remote host, error: DSOpenDirServiceErr
name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _knowledgegraphd
password: *
uid: 279
gid: 279
dir: /var/db/knowledgegraphd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Knowledge Graph Daemon

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/db/softwareupdate
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _captiveagent
password: *
uid: 258
gid: 258
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: captiveagent

name: _logd
password: *
uid: 272
gid: 272
dir: /var/db/diagnostics
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Log Daemon

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _xserverdocs
password: *
uid: 251
gid: 251
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: macOS Server Documents Service

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _appinstalld
password: *
uid: 273
gid: 273
dir: /var/db/appinstalld
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: App Install Daemon

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _applepay
password: *
uid: 260
gid: 260
dir: /var/db/applepay
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: applepay Account

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _analyticsd
password: *
uid: 263
gid: 263
dir: /var/db/analyticsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Analytics Daemon

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _ondemand
password: *
uid: 249
gid: 249
dir: /var/db/ondemand
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: On Demand Resource Daemon

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _cmiodalassistants
password: *
uid: 262
gid: 262
dir: /var/db/cmiodalassistants
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreMedia IO Assistants User

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _sophos
password: ********
uid: 504
gid: 702
dir: /dev/null
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SophosEndpoint

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _ctkd
password: *
uid: 259
gid: 259
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ctkd Account

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _datadetectors
password: *
uid: 257
gid: 257
dir: /var/db/datadetectors
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DataDetectors

name: _installcoordinationd
password: *
uid: 274
gid: 274
dir: /var/db/installcoordinationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Coordination Daemon

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: dilbert
password: ********
uid: 501
gid: 20
dir: /Users/dilbert
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: Dilbert

name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _fpsd
password: *
uid: 265
gid: 265
dir: /var/db/fpsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FPS Daemon

name: Guest
password: *
uid: 201
gid: 201
dir: /Users/Guest
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: Guest User

name: _timed
password: *
uid: 266
gid: 266
dir: /var/db/timed
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Time Sync Daemon

name: _fud
password: *
uid: 278
gid: 278
dir: /var/db/fud
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Firmware Update Daemon

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _rmd
password: *
uid: 277
gid: 277
dir: /var/db/rmd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Remote Management Daemon

name: _appstore
password: *
uid: 33
gid: 33
dir: /var/db/appstore
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mac App Store Service

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: _nsurlstoraged
password: *
uid: 243
gid: 243
dir: /var/db/nsurlstoraged
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _nsurlstoraged

name: _mbsetupuser
password: *
uid: 248
gid: 248
dir: /var/setup
shell: /bin/bash
gecos: Setup User

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _driverkit
password: *
uid: 270
gid: 270
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DriverKit

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _demod
password: *
uid: 275
gid: 275
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Demo Daemon

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _oahd
password: *
uid: 441
gid: 441
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: OAH Daemon

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _mobileasset
password: *
uid: 253
gid: 253
dir: /var/ma
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MobileAsset User

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _coreml
password: *
uid: 280
gid: 280
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreML Services

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _trustd
password: *
uid: 282
gid: 282
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: trustd

name: chstaff
password: ********
uid: 505
gid: 20
dir: /Users/chstaff
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: CHStaff

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _serialnumberd
password: *
uid: 58
gid: 58
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _serialnumberd

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: user
password: ********
uid: 503
gid: 20
dir: /Users/user
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: User

name: _wwwproxy
password: *
uid: 252
gid: 252
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WWW Proxy

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _nearbyd
password: *
uid: 268
gid: 268
dir: /var/db/nearbyd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Proximity and Ranging Daemon

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _hidd
password: *
uid: 261
gid: 261
dir: /var/db/hidd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: HID Service User

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _diskimagesiod
password: *
uid: 271
gid: 271
dir: /var/db/diskimagesiod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DiskImages IO Daemon

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _gamecontrollerd
password: *
uid: 247
gid: 247
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Game Controller Daemon

name: _reportmemoryexception
password: *
uid: 269
gid: 269
dir: /var/db/reportmemoryexception
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ReportMemoryException

name: _findmydevice
password: *
uid: 254
gid: 254
dir: /var/db/findmydevice
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Find My Device Daemon

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: techteam
password: ********
uid: 502
gid: 20
dir: /Users/techteam
shell: /bin/zsh
gecos: TechTeam

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: nobody
password: *
uid: -2
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unprivileged User

name: root
password: *
uid: 0
gid: 0
dir: /var/root
shell: /bin/sh
gecos: System Administrator

name: daemon
password: *
uid: 1
gid: 1
dir: /var/root
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: System Services

name: _uucp
password: *
uid: 4
gid: 4
dir: /var/spool/uucp
shell: /usr/sbin/uucico
gecos: Unix to Unix Copy Protocol

name: _taskgated
password: *
uid: 13
gid: 13
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Task Gate Daemon

name: _networkd
password: *
uid: 24
gid: 24
dir: /var/networkd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Services

name: _installassistant
password: *
uid: 25
gid: 25
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Assistant

name: _lp
password: *
uid: 26
gid: 26
dir: /var/spool/cups
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Printing Services

name: _postfix
password: *
uid: 27
gid: 27
dir: /var/spool/postfix
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Postfix Mail Server

name: _scsd
password: *
uid: 31
gid: 31
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Service Configuration Service

name: _ces
password: *
uid: 32
gid: 32
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Certificate Enrollment Service

name: _appstore
password: *
uid: 33
gid: 33
dir: /var/db/appstore
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mac App Store Service

name: _mcxalr
password: *
uid: 54
gid: 54
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MCX AppLaunch

name: _appleevents
password: *
uid: 55
gid: 55
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AppleEvents Daemon

name: _geod
password: *
uid: 56
gid: 56
dir: /var/db/geod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Geo Services Daemon

name: _devdocs
password: *
uid: 59
gid: 59
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Developer Documentation

name: _sandbox
password: *
uid: 60
gid: 60
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Seatbelt

name: _mdnsresponder
password: *
uid: 65
gid: 65
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: mDNSResponder

name: _ard
password: *
uid: 67
gid: 67
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Remote Desktop

name: _www
password: *
uid: 70
gid: 70
dir: /Library/WebServer
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: World Wide Web Server

name: _eppc
password: *
uid: 71
gid: 71
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Apple Events User

name: _cvs
password: *
uid: 72
gid: 72
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVS Server

name: _svn
password: *
uid: 73
gid: 73
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SVN Server

name: _mysql
password: *
uid: 74
gid: 74
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MySQL Server

name: _sshd
password: *
uid: 75
gid: 75
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: sshd Privilege separation

name: _qtss
password: *
uid: 76
gid: 76
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: QuickTime Streaming Server

name: _cyrus
password: *
uid: 77
gid: 6
dir: /var/imap
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Cyrus Administrator

name: _mailman
password: *
uid: 78
gid: 78
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Mailman List Server

name: _appserver
password: *
uid: 79
gid: 79
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Server

name: _clamav
password: *
uid: 82
gid: 82
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ClamAV Daemon

name: _amavisd
password: *
uid: 83
gid: 83
dir: /var/virusmails
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AMaViS Daemon

name: _jabber
password: *
uid: 84
gid: 84
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Jabber XMPP Server

name: _appowner
password: *
uid: 87
gid: 87
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Application Owner

name: _windowserver
password: *
uid: 88
gid: 88
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WindowServer

name: _spotlight
password: *
uid: 89
gid: 89
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Spotlight

name: _tokend
password: *
uid: 91
gid: 91
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Token Daemon

name: _securityagent
password: *
uid: 92
gid: 92
dir: /var/db/securityagent
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: SecurityAgent

name: _calendar
password: *
uid: 93
gid: 93
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Calendar

name: _teamsserver
password: *
uid: 94
gid: 94
dir: /var/teamsserver
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: TeamsServer

name: _update_sharing
password: *
uid: 95
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Update Sharing

name: _installer
password: *
uid: 96
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Installer

name: _atsserver
password: *
uid: 97
gid: 97
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ATS Server

name: _ftp
password: *
uid: 98
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FTP Daemon

name: _unknown
password: *
uid: 99
gid: 99
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Unknown User

name: _softwareupdate
password: *
uid: 200
gid: 200
dir: /var/db/softwareupdate
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Software Update Service

name: _coreaudiod
password: *
uid: 202
gid: 202
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Audio Daemon

name: _screensaver
password: *
uid: 203
gid: 203
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Screensaver

name: _locationd
password: *
uid: 205
gid: 205
dir: /var/db/locationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Location Daemon

name: _trustevaluationagent
password: *
uid: 208
gid: 208
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Trust Evaluation Agent

name: _timezone
password: *
uid: 210
gid: 210
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: AutoTimeZoneDaemon

name: _lda
password: *
uid: 211
gid: 211
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Local Delivery Agent

name: _cvmsroot
password: *
uid: 212
gid: 212
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CVMS Root

name: _usbmuxd
password: *
uid: 213
gid: 213
dir: /var/db/lockdown
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: iPhone OS Device Helper

name: _dovecot
password: *
uid: 214
gid: 6
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Administrator

name: _dpaudio
password: *
uid: 215
gid: 215
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DP Audio

name: _postgres
password: *
uid: 216
gid: 216
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: PostgreSQL Server

name: _krbtgt
password: *
uid: 217
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _kadmin_admin
password: *
uid: 218
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Admin Service

name: _kadmin_changepw
password: *
uid: 219
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _devicemgr
password: *
uid: 220
gid: 220
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Device Management Server

name: _webauthserver
password: *
uid: 221
gid: 221
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Web Auth Server

name: _netbios
password: *
uid: 222
gid: 222
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NetBIOS

name: _warmd
password: *
uid: 224
gid: 224
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Warm Daemon

name: _dovenull
password: *
uid: 227
gid: 227
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Dovecot Authentication

name: _netstatistics
password: *
uid: 228
gid: 228
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Network Statistics Daemon

name: _avbdeviced
password: *
uid: 229
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Ethernet AVB Device Daemon

name: _krb_krbtgt
password: *
uid: 230
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket

name: _krb_kadmin
password: *
uid: 231
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Admin Service

name: _krb_changepw
password: *
uid: 232
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Change Password Service

name: _krb_kerberos
password: *
uid: 233
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos

name: _krb_anonymous
password: *
uid: 234
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Open Directory Kerberos Anonymous

name: _assetcache
password: *
uid: 235
gid: 235
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Asset Cache Service

name: _coremediaiod
password: *
uid: 236
gid: 236
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Core Media IO Daemon

name: _launchservicesd
password: *
uid: 239
gid: 239
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: _launchservicesd

name: _iconservices
password: *
uid: 240
gid: 240
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: IconServices

name: _distnote
password: *
uid: 241
gid: 241
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DistNote

name: _nsurlsessiond
password: *
uid: 242
gid: 242
dir: /var/db/nsurlsessiond
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: NSURLSession Daemon

name: _displaypolicyd
password: *
uid: 244
gid: 244
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Display Policy Daemon

name: _astris
password: *
uid: 245
gid: 245
dir: /var/db/astris
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Astris Services

name: _krbfast
password: *
uid: 246
gid: -2
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Kerberos FAST Account

name: _gamecontrollerd
password: *
uid: 247
gid: 247
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Game Controller Daemon

name: _mbsetupuser
password: *
uid: 248
gid: 248
dir: /var/setup
shell: /bin/bash
gecos: Setup User

name: _ondemand
password: *
uid: 249
gid: 249
dir: /var/db/ondemand
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: On Demand Resource Daemon

name: _xserverdocs
password: *
uid: 251
gid: 251
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: macOS Server Documents Service

name: _wwwproxy
password: *
uid: 252
gid: 252
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: WWW Proxy

name: _mobileasset
password: *
uid: 253
gid: 253
dir: /var/ma
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: MobileAsset User

name: _findmydevice
password: *
uid: 254
gid: 254
dir: /var/db/findmydevice
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Find My Device Daemon

name: _datadetectors
password: *
uid: 257
gid: 257
dir: /var/db/datadetectors
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DataDetectors

name: _captiveagent
password: *
uid: 258
gid: 258
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: captiveagent

name: _ctkd
password: *
uid: 259
gid: 259
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ctkd Account

name: _applepay
password: *
uid: 260
gid: 260
dir: /var/db/applepay
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: applepay Account

name: _hidd
password: *
uid: 261
gid: 261
dir: /var/db/hidd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: HID Service User

name: _cmiodalassistants
password: *
uid: 262
gid: 262
dir: /var/db/cmiodalassistants
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreMedia IO Assistants User

name: _analyticsd
password: *
uid: 263
gid: 263
dir: /var/db/analyticsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Analytics Daemon

name: _fpsd
password: *
uid: 265
gid: 265
dir: /var/db/fpsd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: FPS Daemon

name: _timed
password: *
uid: 266
gid: 266
dir: /var/db/timed
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Time Sync Daemon

name: _nearbyd
password: *
uid: 268
gid: 268
dir: /var/db/nearbyd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Proximity and Ranging Daemon

name: _reportmemoryexception
password: *
uid: 269
gid: 269
dir: /var/db/reportmemoryexception
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: ReportMemoryException

name: _driverkit
password: *
uid: 270
gid: 270
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DriverKit

name: _diskimagesiod
password: *
uid: 271
gid: 271
dir: /var/db/diskimagesiod
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: DiskImages IO Daemon

name: _logd
password: *
uid: 272
gid: 272
dir: /var/db/diagnostics
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Log Daemon

name: _appinstalld
password: *
uid: 273
gid: 273
dir: /var/db/appinstalld
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: App Install Daemon

name: _installcoordinationd
password: *
uid: 274
gid: 274
dir: /var/db/installcoordinationd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Install Coordination Daemon

name: _demod
password: *
uid: 275
gid: 275
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Demo Daemon

name: _rmd
password: *
uid: 277
gid: 277
dir: /var/db/rmd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Remote Management Daemon

name: _fud
password: *
uid: 278
gid: 278
dir: /var/db/fud
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Firmware Update Daemon

name: _knowledgegraphd
password: *
uid: 279
gid: 279
dir: /var/db/knowledgegraphd
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: Knowledge Graph Daemon

name: _coreml
password: *
uid: 280
gid: 280
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: CoreML Services

name: _trustd
password: *
uid: 282
gid: 282
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: trustd

name: _oahd
password: *
uid: 441
gid: 441
dir: /var/empty
shell: /usr/bin/false
gecos: OAH Daemon

lo0: flags=8049<UP,LOOPBACK,RUNNING,MULTICAST> mtu 16384
	options=1203<RXCSUM,TXCSUM,TXSTATUS,SW_TIMESTAMP>
	inet 127.0.0.1 netmask 0xff000000 
	inet6 ::1 prefixlen 128 
	inet6 fe80::1%lo0 prefixlen 64 scopeid 0x1 
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
gif0: flags=8010<POINTOPOINT,MULTICAST> mtu 1280
stf0: flags=0<> mtu 1280
en0: flags=8863<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=50b<RXCSUM,TXCSUM,VLAN_HWTAGGING,AV,CHANNEL_IO>
	ether 3c:7d:0a:0c:39:13 
	inet6 fe80::1836:ff07:808:4d80%en0 prefixlen 64 secured scopeid 0x4 
	inet 192.168.8.62 netmask 0xffffff00 broadcast 192.168.8.255
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
	media: autoselect (1000baseT <full-duplex>)
	status: active
en4: flags=8863<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	ether ac:de:48:00:11:22 
	inet6 fe80::aede:48ff:fe00:1122%en4 prefixlen 64 scopeid 0x5 
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
	media: autoselect (100baseTX <full-duplex>)
	status: active
ap1: flags=8802<BROADCAST,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=400<CHANNEL_IO>
	ether aa:66:5a:00:bf:ee 
	media: autoselect
	status: inactive
en1: flags=8863<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=400<CHANNEL_IO>
	ether 88:66:5a:00:bf:ee 
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
	media: autoselect (<unknown type>)
	status: inactive
awdl0: flags=8902<BROADCAST,PROMISC,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=400<CHANNEL_IO>
	ether 6a:65:45:38:a1:7c 
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
	media: autoselect
	status: inactive
llw0: flags=8863<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=400<CHANNEL_IO>
	ether 6a:65:45:38:a1:7c 
	media: autoselect
	status: inactive
en2: flags=8963<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,PROMISC,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=460<TSO4,TSO6,CHANNEL_IO>
	ether 82:7f:1c:a1:10:00 
	media: autoselect <full-duplex>
	status: inactive
en3: flags=8963<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,PROMISC,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=460<TSO4,TSO6,CHANNEL_IO>
	ether 82:7f:1c:a1:10:01 
	media: autoselect <full-duplex>
	status: inactive
bridge0: flags=8863<UP,BROADCAST,SMART,RUNNING,SIMPLEX,MULTICAST> mtu 1500
	options=63<RXCSUM,TXCSUM,TSO4,TSO6>
	ether 82:7f:1c:a1:10:00 
	Configuration:
		id 0:0:0:0:0:0 priority 0 hellotime 0 fwddelay 0
		maxage 0 holdcnt 0 proto stp maxaddr 100 timeout 1200
		root id 0:0:0:0:0:0 priority 0 ifcost 0 port 0
		ipfilter disabled flags 0x0
	member: en2 flags=3<LEARNING,DISCOVER>
	        ifmaxaddr 0 port 10 priority 0 path cost 0
	member: en3 flags=3<LEARNING,DISCOVER>
	        ifmaxaddr 0 port 11 priority 0 path cost 0
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
	media: <unknown type>
	status: inactive
utun0: flags=8051<UP,POINTOPOINT,RUNNING,MULTICAST> mtu 1380
	inet6 fe80::f903:85fa:7277:5f7c%utun0 prefixlen 64 scopeid 0xd 
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
utun1: flags=8051<UP,POINTOPOINT,RUNNING,MULTICAST> mtu 2000
	inet6 fe80::4c8e:4bf4:689f:eca5%utun1 prefixlen 64 scopeid 0xe 
	nd6 options=201<PERFORMNUD,DAD>
COMMAND    PID USER   FD      TYPE             DEVICE  SIZE/OFF                NODE NAME
loginwind  158 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4   2672448 1152921500312203147 /System/Library/CoreServices/loginwindow.app/Contents/MacOS/loginwindow
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    306080 1152921500312376708 /System/Library/LoginPlugins/DisplayServices.loginPlugin/Contents/MacOS/DisplayServices
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    196672 1152921500312376759 /System/Library/LoginPlugins/FSDisconnect.loginPlugin/Contents/MacOS/FSDisconnect
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    655504 1152921500312376496 /System/Library/LoginPlugins/BezelServices.loginPlugin/Contents/MacOS/BezelServices
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    138896 1152921500312266466 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/CloudDocsFileProvider.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CloudDocsFileProvider
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    142480 1152921500312266478 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FileProviderOverride
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    300320 1152921500312169192 /System/Library/CoreServices/ManagedClient.app/Contents/PlugIns/MCXToolsInterface.bundle/Contents/MacOS/MCXToolsInterface
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4    495696 1152921500312266493 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride
loginwind  158 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
loginwind  158 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
loginwind  158 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
loginwind  158 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t2941                 321 /dev/null
loginwind  158 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
loginwind  158 user    4r      REG                1,4        77             4998380 /private/etc/security/audit_user
loginwind  158 user    5r      REG                1,4       652             4998378 /private/etc/security/audit_class
loginwind  158 user    6r      REG                1,4       358             4998381 /private/etc/security/audit_control
distnoted  416 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
distnoted  416 user  txt       REG                1,4    343984 1152921500312773689 /usr/sbin/distnoted
distnoted  416 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
distnoted  416 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
distnoted  416 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
distnoted  416 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
distnoted  416 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t166                 321 /dev/null
distnoted  416 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c97cba08a1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
cfprefsd   417 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
cfprefsd   417 user  txt       REG                1,4    187280 1152921500312773639 /usr/sbin/cfprefsd
cfprefsd   417 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
cfprefsd   417 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
cfprefsd   417 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cfprefsd   417 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cfprefsd   417 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UserEvent  420 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    163408 1152921500312767672 /usr/libexec/UserEventAgent
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    110272 1152921500312704912 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/AppleHIDMouseAgent.plugin/Contents/MacOS/AppleHIDMouseAgent
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    111568 1152921500312704924 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/BluetoothUserAgent-Plugin.plugin/Contents/MacOS/BluetoothUserAgent-Plugin
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    109168 1152921500312704936 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/BonjourEvents.plugin/Contents/MacOS/BonjourEvents
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    110640 1152921500312704948 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/CaptiveUserAgent.plugin/Contents/MacOS/CaptiveUserAgent
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    113264 1152921500312704960 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/EAPOLMonitor.plugin/Contents/MacOS/EAPOLMonitor
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107920 1152921500312705090 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/GSSNotificationForwarder.plugin/Contents/MacOS/GSSNotificationForwarder
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    109792 1152921500312705102 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/LocationMenu.plugin/Contents/MacOS/LocationMenu
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    108384 1152921500312705152 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/PrinterMonitor.plugin/Contents/MacOS/PrinterMonitor
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    146656 1152921500312705164 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/SCMonitor.plugin/Contents/MacOS/SCMonitor
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    106272 1152921500312705294 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/SystemPolicyEvents.plugin/Contents/MacOS/SystemPolicyEvents
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    110016 1152921500312705357 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.alarm.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.alarm
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107600 1152921500312705369 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.bonjour.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.bonjour
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107104 1152921500312705381 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.cfnotification.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.cfnotification
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    106608 1152921500312705405 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.diskarbitration.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.diskarbitration
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    106784 1152921500312705441 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.iokit.matching.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.iokit.matching
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    284816 1152921500312705393 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.cts.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.cts
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    106432 1152921500312705417 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.dispatch.vfs.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.dispatch.vfs
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    108304 1152921500312705429 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.fsevents.matching.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.fsevents.matching
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107216 1152921500312705453 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.launchd.helper.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.launchd.helper
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    106896 1152921500312705465 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.lockout.lifecycle.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.lockout.lifecycle
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107232 1152921500312705501 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.nsurlsessiond.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.nsurlsessiond
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    229744 1152921500312705477 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.netsvcproxy.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.netsvcproxy
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    105312 1152921500312705525 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.rapport.events.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.rapport.events
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    144352 1152921500312705537 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.rcdevent.matching.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.rcdevent.matching
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    105920 1152921500312705552 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.reachability.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.reachability
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    106528 1152921500312705564 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.systemconfiguration.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.systemconfiguration
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    109808 1152921500312705600 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.time.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.time
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107376 1152921500312705612 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.touchbar.matching.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.touchbar.matching
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    110176 1152921500312705624 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.universalaccess.events.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.universalaccess.events
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107136 1152921500312705715 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/com.apple.usernotificationcenter.matching.plugin/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.usernotificationcenter.matching
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4    107248 1152921500312705806 /System/Library/UserEventPlugins/routined.events.plugin/Contents/MacOS/routined.events
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
UserEvent  420 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
UserEvent  420 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UserEvent  420 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UserEvent  420 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t769                 321 /dev/null
UserEvent  420 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081c451       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081c519
UserEvent  420 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c98081b961       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
UserEvent  420 user    5r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user    6u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user    7r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user    8r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user    9r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user   10r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   11r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   12r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   13r      REG                1,4         0             9178181 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ContextStoreAgent/screenTimeEnabled
UserEvent  420 user   14r      DIR                1,4      1120             4999187 /private/var/run
UserEvent  420 user   15r      DIR                1,4        96             4629541 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ContextStoreAgent
UserEvent  420 user   16r      DIR                1,4      1280             4622114 /Users/user/Library/Application Support
UserEvent  420 user   17r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user   18r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user   19r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user   20r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   21u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user   22r      DIR                1,4        64             4631603 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.exchangesync
UserEvent  420 user   23r      DIR                1,4        64             4631603 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.exchangesync
UserEvent  420 user   24r      DIR                1,4      1280             4622114 /Users/user/Library/Application Support
UserEvent  420 user   25r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user   26r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user   27r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user   28r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   29r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   30r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   31r      DIR                1,4      1120             4999187 /private/var/run
UserEvent  420 user   32u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user   34r      DIR                1,4       992             4998728 /private/var
UserEvent  420 user   35r      DIR                1,4       192             4998275 /private
UserEvent  420 user   36r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   37r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   38r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   39r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   40u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user   41r      DIR                1,4       448             4626928 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent
UserEvent  420 user   42r      DIR                1,4       448             4626928 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent
UserEvent  420 user   43r      DIR                1,4      2848             4622148 /Users/user/Library/Caches
UserEvent  420 user   44r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user   45r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user   46r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user   47r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   48r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   49r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   50r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   51r      DIR                1,4       576             4999198 /private/tmp
UserEvent  420 user   52r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
UserEvent  420 user   58r      DIR                1,4       448             4626928 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent
UserEvent  420 user   59r      DIR                1,4       448             4626928 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent
UserEvent  420 user   60r      DIR                1,4      2848             4622148 /Users/user/Library/Caches
UserEvent  420 user   61r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user   62r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user   63r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user   64r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   65r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   66r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   67r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   68u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user   69r      DIR                1,4      1824             4999204 /Applications
UserEvent  420 user   70r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   71r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   72r      DIR                1,4       288             5001775 /Applications/Utilities
UserEvent  420 user   73r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   74r      DIR                1,4      1824             4999204 /Applications
UserEvent  420 user   75u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user   76r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   77r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   78r      DIR                1,4        96             4622345 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.lockoutagent
UserEvent  420 user   80r      DIR                1,4       576             4999198 /private/tmp
UserEvent  420 user   81r      DIR                1,4       192             4998275 /private
UserEvent  420 user   82u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user   83r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user   84r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user   85r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user   86r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user   87r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   88r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user   89r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   90u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user   91r      DIR                1,4       512 1152921500312116911 /System/Library/ColorSync/Profiles
UserEvent  420 user   92r      DIR                1,4       160 1152921500312115799 /System/Library/ColorSync
UserEvent  420 user   93r      DIR                1,4      4288 1152921500311993981 /System/Library
UserEvent  420 user   94r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user   95r      DIR                1,4       384             4992102 /Library/ColorSync/Profiles
UserEvent  420 user   96r      DIR                1,4        96             4992101 /Library/ColorSync
UserEvent  420 user   97r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
UserEvent  420 user   98r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user   99r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  100r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  101r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  102r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  103r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  104r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  105r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  106r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  107r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  108   NPOLICY                                                  
UserEvent  420 user  109u     unix 0xecae88c98081c839       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081c901
UserEvent  420 user  110u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  111r      DIR                1,4     10080             4622512 /Users/user/Library/Containers
UserEvent  420 user  112r      DIR                1,4     10080             4622512 /Users/user/Library/Containers
UserEvent  420 user  113r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  114r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  115r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  116r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  117r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  118r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  119u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  120r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  121r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  122r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  123r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  124r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  125r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  126r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  127u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  128r      DIR                1,4        96                2371 /Library/Application Support/Apple/Remote Desktop
UserEvent  420 user  129r      DIR                1,4        96                2371 /Library/Application Support/Apple/Remote Desktop
UserEvent  420 user  130r      DIR                1,4       384             4978397 /Library/Application Support/Apple
UserEvent  420 user  131r      DIR                1,4       704             4978396 /Library/Application Support
UserEvent  420 user  132r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
UserEvent  420 user  133r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  134r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  135r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  136u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  137r      DIR                1,4       160             4642933 /Users/user/Library/studentd
UserEvent  420 user  138r      DIR                1,4       160             4642933 /Users/user/Library/studentd
UserEvent  420 user  139r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  140r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  141r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  142r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  143r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  144r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  145u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  146r      DIR                1,4        64             4627711 /Users/user/Library/Mobile Documents
UserEvent  420 user  147r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  148r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  149r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  150r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  151r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  152r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  153u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  154r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
UserEvent  420 user  155r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
UserEvent  420 user  156r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  157r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  158r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  159u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  160r      DIR                1,4        64             4622147 /Users/user/Library/Services
UserEvent  420 user  161r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  162r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  163r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  164r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  165r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  166r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  167u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  169r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
UserEvent  420 user  170r      DIR                1,4      2848             4622148 /Users/user/Library/Caches
UserEvent  420 user  171r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  172r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  173r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  174r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  175r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  176r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  177u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  178r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  179r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
UserEvent  420 user  180r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
UserEvent  420 user  181r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
UserEvent  420 user  182r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  183r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  184r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  185u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
UserEvent  420 user  186r      REG                1,4       218             4977318 /Library/Apple/Library/Bundles/TCC_Compatibility.bundle/Contents/Resources/AllowApplicationsList.plist
UserEvent  420 user  187r      DIR                1,4        96             4977317 /Library/Apple/Library/Bundles/TCC_Compatibility.bundle/Contents/Resources
UserEvent  420 user  188r      DIR                1,4       192             4977309 /Library/Apple/Library/Bundles/TCC_Compatibility.bundle/Contents
UserEvent  420 user  189r      DIR                1,4        96             4977308 /Library/Apple/Library/Bundles/TCC_Compatibility.bundle
UserEvent  420 user  190r      DIR                1,4       192             4976432 /Library/Apple/Library/Bundles
UserEvent  420 user  191r      DIR                1,4        96             4976431 /Library/Apple/Library
UserEvent  420 user  192r      DIR                1,4       160             4976413 /Library/Apple
UserEvent  420 user  193r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
UserEvent  420 user  194r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  195r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  196r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  197r      DIR                1,4       160 1152921500312648173 /System/Library/Sandbox
UserEvent  420 user  198r      DIR                1,4       160 1152921500312648173 /System/Library/Sandbox
UserEvent  420 user  199r      DIR                1,4      4288 1152921500311993981 /System/Library
UserEvent  420 user  200r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
UserEvent  420 user  201r      DIR                1,4       704             4978396 /Library/Application Support
UserEvent  420 user  202r      DIR                1,4       704             4978396 /Library/Application Support
UserEvent  420 user  203r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
UserEvent  420 user  204r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
UserEvent  420 user  205r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
UserEvent  420 user  206r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
com.apple  422 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
com.apple  422 user  txt       REG                1,4   1437936 1152921500312482529 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudServices.framework/Helpers/com.apple.sbd
com.apple  422 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
com.apple  422 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
com.apple  422 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  422 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  422 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
knowledge  423 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
knowledge  423 user  txt       REG                1,4    232208 1152921500312773160 /usr/libexec/knowledge-agent
knowledge  423 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
knowledge  423 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
knowledge  423 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
knowledge  423 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622885 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db-shm
knowledge  423 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
knowledge  423 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
knowledge  423 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
knowledge  423 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
knowledge  423 user    3u      REG                1,4    372736             4622668 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db
knowledge  423 user    4u      REG                1,4   2954072             4622884 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db-wal
knowledge  423 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622885 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db-shm
universal  424 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4    141792 1152921500312773992 /usr/sbin/universalaccessd
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
universal  424 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
universal  424 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
universal  424 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
universal  424 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
lsd        426 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4    107872 1152921500312773188 /usr/libexec/lsd
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
lsd        426 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
lsd        426 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
lsd        426 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
lsd        426 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
lsd        426 user    3u      REG                1,4     12288             4626558 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices.trustedsignatures-503.db
usernoted  427 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4   3410176 1152921500312773996 /usr/sbin/usernoted
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4623705 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.notificationcenter/db2/db-shm
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
usernoted  427 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
usernoted  427 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
usernoted  427 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
usernoted  427 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
usernoted  427 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081dd51       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
usernoted  427 user    4u      REG                1,4     53248             4623693 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.notificationcenter/db2/db
usernoted  427 user    5u      REG                1,4     65952             4623704 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.notificationcenter/db2/db-wal
usernoted  427 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4623705 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.notificationcenter/db2/db-shm
talagent   428 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4    478832 1152921500312205947 /System/Library/CoreServices/talagent
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
talagent   428 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
talagent   428 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
talagent   428 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
talagent   428 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Dock       429 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4   9460800 1152921500312152250 /System/Library/CoreServices/Dock.app/Contents/MacOS/Dock
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631679 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.dock.launchpad/db/db-shm
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4630982 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4    138896 1152921500312266466 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/CloudDocsFileProvider.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CloudDocsFileProvider
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4    142480 1152921500312266478 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FileProviderOverride
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4    495696 1152921500312266493 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4    626688             5016575 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservices/store.index
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4     94208             4630506 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
Dock       429 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Dock       429 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Dock       429 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Dock       429 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Dock       429 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Dock       429 user    4u      REG                1,4     53248             4629667 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Dock/desktoppicture.db
Dock       429 user    5u      REG                1,4   2257792             4631678 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.dock.launchpad/db/db-wal
Dock       429 user    6u      REG                1,4   5885952             4631676 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.dock.launchpad/db/db
Dock       429 user    7u      REG                1,4     94208             4630506 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Dock       429 user    8u      REG                1,4       604             9177878 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.list
Dock       429 user    9u      REG                1,4     32768             4630982 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
Dock       429 user   10u      REG                1,4       324             9177879 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.list
Dock       429 user   11u      REG                1,4     32768             4631679 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.dock.launchpad/db/db-shm
Dock       429 user   12r      DIR                1,4      1248 1152921500311879703 /System/Applications
Dock       429 user   13u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Dock       429 user   14u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Dock       429 user   15r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Dock       429 user   16r      DIR                1,4      1248 1152921500311879703 /System/Applications
Dock       429 user   17r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
Dock       429 user   18r      DIR                1,4      1824             4999204 /Applications
Dock       429 user   19u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Dock       429 user   20r      DIR                1,4      1824             4999204 /Applications
Dock       429 user   21r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
Dock       429 user   22r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
Dock       429 user   23r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
Dock       429 user   24r      DIR                1,4        96             5131484 /Users/user/Applications
Dock       429 user   25u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Dock       429 user   26r      DIR                1,4        96             5131484 /Users/user/Applications
Dock       429 user   27r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
Dock       429 user   28r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
Dock       429 user   29r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
Dock       429 user   30r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
Dock       429 user   31r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
Dock       429 user   32u     unix 0xecae88c9859acb59       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
accountsd  430 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
accountsd  430 user  txt       REG                1,4    164080 1152921500312228381 /System/Library/Frameworks/Accounts.framework/Versions/A/Support/accountsd
accountsd  430 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
accountsd  430 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
accountsd  430 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622458 /Users/user/Library/Accounts/Accounts4.sqlite-shm
accountsd  430 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
accountsd  430 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
accountsd  430 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
accountsd  430 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
accountsd  430 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
accountsd  430 user    3u      REG                1,4    159744             4622435 /Users/user/Library/Accounts/Accounts4.sqlite
accountsd  430 user    4u      REG                1,4     24752             4622457 /Users/user/Library/Accounts/Accounts4.sqlite-wal
accountsd  430 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622458 /Users/user/Library/Accounts/Accounts4.sqlite-shm
accountsd  430 user    6u      REG                1,4    159744             4622435 /Users/user/Library/Accounts/Accounts4.sqlite
accountsd  430 user    7u      REG                1,4     24752             4622457 /Users/user/Library/Accounts/Accounts4.sqlite-wal
ControlCe  431 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   7081904 1152921500312145962 /System/Library/CoreServices/ControlCenter.app/Contents/MacOS/ControlCenter
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   1502064 1152921500312145968 /System/Library/CoreServices/ControlCenter.app/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   1945048 1152921500312198337 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Graphite.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4    327240 1152921500312198333 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLightGraphite.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4     71320 1152921500312198327 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDark.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4     12472 1152921500312198329 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDarkGraphite.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   1437592 1152921500312198349 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDarkGraphite.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4      1839 1152921500312145974 /System/Library/CoreServices/ControlCenter.app/Contents/Resources/Base.lproj/Main.storyboardc/MainMenu.nib
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   1839336 1152921500312198321 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkGraphite.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   1323560 1152921500312198357 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLightGraphite.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
ControlCe  431 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
ControlCe  431 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ControlCe  431 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ControlCe  431 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ControlCe  431 user    3u     IPv4 0xecae88c97b61ea49       0t0                 UDP *:*
ControlCe  431 user    4   NPOLICY                                                  
SystemUIS  432 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4   1242720 1152921500312198491 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemUIServer.app/Contents/MacOS/SystemUIServer
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4    138528 1152921500312189518 /System/Library/CoreServices/Search.bundle/Contents/MacOS/Search
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4    140016 1152921500312196257 /System/Library/CoreServices/Siri.bundle/Contents/MacOS/Siri
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
SystemUIS  432 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
SystemUIS  432 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SystemUIS  432 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SystemUIS  432 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Finder     433 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4  22466848 1152921500312154387 /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app/Contents/MacOS/Finder
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4     58088 1152921500312226864 /System/Library/Fonts/Keyboard.ttf
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   1945048 1152921500312198337 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Graphite.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5026080 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/14CA9529-4DF5-30EB-A555-947E7D108507.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5027011 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/01D9D3F3-A716-3703-B02E-348078081C81.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5029588 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/B3009B1F-410C-3491-9638-3E1F60525BD7.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5099680 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/3FBF36BB-2580-3CA5-88A0-8B71E4571AB8.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5029585 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/4A623D74-0E50-3CAB-8AF2-272DF85FBFDA.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5026066 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/190E145D-2585-3D5B-B509-301F0B769F33.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5027012 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/B2B97644-0700-3BD3-94EB-29C80F97D1CB.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5145428 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/87F5AE91-98B0-308F-85B0-5506E94084AB.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5027013 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/918D20B3-E782-344E-BCC3-AF2644E7B6B1.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    143360             4819765 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.finder/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4     77824             4819768 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.finder/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100172 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/91F00546-0AAF-3604-BF45-41686039448E.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100181 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/5930C1A4-8F45-333D-B9AC-C9FC2EC5E2A8.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5010749 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/3CD62D2F-F52D-3CA8-9B36-298A707F8629.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100173 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/A2005A45-2B9C-384A-B3D5-A072CC36595B.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100174 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/F1D06192-9B49-3759-8A69-D7448320348E.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007157 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/1FCB19E5-D067-340A-9BAB-9D33DA3B821A.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5009949 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/D757AB45-C8AB-3C25-867F-1A6BCEAE447B.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5010212 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/3733A27F-D5CE-3BAF-9601-1025ED80CBBC.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5006972 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/A29A0655-1602-3C17-937E-1CD2FBE6FD4B.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5008629 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/B84260F0-3658-315F-B5B5-92646ABF74D8.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100175 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/393039C2-1B21-309A-A388-E3B32BB2EA53.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5008557 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/A8DA6690-BC72-36C7-BC49-C814AE51EB2F.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100176 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/42067A07-3B63-3DC9-BDB8-205B276380CE.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5008944 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/A9845D1E-924F-3B2B-9AC9-E2B718FA7A8D.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5006742 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/ADC03105-87D8-3F1B-8548-45F693060261.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100177 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/0C4A30D3-BE15-3916-97E5-2C34DBF6C877.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100178 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/0E050985-B824-31F3-BB9C-ECA841BDB7D2.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100179 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/6EB7649A-1B56-3DB8-8287-295F862B30C6.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100180 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/48781693-FB5F-39BD-8296-6983C390D7AE.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5026053 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/26598603-CB8C-3A97-B1A8-49019D0FB391.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007481 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/F6B6D71C-7388-3F28-84E8-57F4B82A3967.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5011382 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/A669EC85-D2C1-3B2A-9794-4DCD72AF06F1.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100182 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/99400C08-0DBC-3DB2-B1F6-9A7821C4BA8D.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5026067 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/62588DF5-6E88-3D86-B23C-25D8BB85E23D.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5008325 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/3E83A9EA-2EFA-3860-A3D2-BEC728ED6595.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5009145 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/59058BE3-5A9D-3355-BC00-33209A6BBB89.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5009733 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/FFEDD041-7F59-32B7-80B3-DA45E1CE185D.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100183 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/4BB1E9A6-0477-36EA-B285-380A02388184.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5011553 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/435CE6AC-C5A2-373E-8068-E6E88B01BD81.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5011225 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/30095CDF-81C8-3B77-823D-3B9794994D1A.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100184 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/7DA040CB-217B-3A07-921E-D4B4710BC6A1.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5026099 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/0983DC81-6F40-3A54-899F-87081787A1B3.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    626688             5016575 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservices/store.index
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    138896 1152921500312266466 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/CloudDocsFileProvider.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CloudDocsFileProvider
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    142480 1152921500312266478 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FileProviderOverride
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   5425091 1152921500312251321 /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/HIToolbox.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Extras2.rsrc
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   3366976 1152921500312198311 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    495696 1152921500312266493 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   1383920 1152921500312154772 /System/Library/CoreServices/Finder.app/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   1284080 1152921500312230925 /System/Library/Frameworks/AppKit.framework/Versions/C/Resources/Assets.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    262172             5018756 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/DA0B72D6-404E-39E5-AB9C-88D14961A63B.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    262172             5100214 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/233DCD07-A3E7-39C2-89E3-DBC029D7BF46.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4    178432 1152921500312311189 /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/QuickLookUI.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/Generic.qldisplay/Contents/MacOS/Generic
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   1097528 1152921500312311610 /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/QuickLookUI.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Assets.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   6414056 1152921500312540788 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IconFoundation.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Assets.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   9738256 1152921500312148940 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphsPrivate.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100185 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/DD2C2577-B972-3684-9E69-7A6506F6CF73.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5006653 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/A0A3762A-9121-389C-99E0-E2A13D35A2DC.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007703 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/6B44C978-2482-35DA-BC19-ACF96206E3BB.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007304 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/36FB1A6B-4796-3144-AC61-A411B7E3EE69.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5010314 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/7E6CB3E6-CADB-3FAE-81A9-459F71B000EB.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5011462 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/08BC36B6-A7B4-350B-A5C7-D0ACCDAAF45A.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007127 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/2F54717C-993B-3AB4-9E2D-1BF7DCC94086.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5009347 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/0DB7B76B-CB20-3F87-90F4-3418AC24802D.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007918 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/81B8251D-C2BB-3AC6-869C-6E62A0851F5B.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007632 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/9A394CF1-A247-37AD-A652-23B95402EC14.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5006887 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/40CEC7EC-FD06-3DF6-A15D-6C75E3C3A3D1.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5010103 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/80B10536-B4C9-3BF5-BB57-1FA1A68C8D74.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100186 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/FF356C3F-9AA6-31C6-A2C0-8CFA7450DBD9.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100187 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/DDDB5D07-E5BF-36EE-BED3-7016C0300AF1.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100188 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/672A8B64-CA81-364E-91F3-24D07E487C7E.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100189 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/3D4F2116-869A-34B1-9C5F-4592E427200A.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5010976 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/DAF24E5B-348A-359B-92A2-1047B6022E39.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5011720 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/39285B9C-B11D-3C08-96AF-9EE26001F996.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5009217 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/6B4A26A9-8300-30BE-B87F-5D56A62EF9B2.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5008219 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/0F15BE67-8A2F-34A6-9874-69263AF6F3F4.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100190 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/EBAA9C8B-24BE-39DC-883F-E771AA287DF2.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100191 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/1C8A5BE1-04BD-3277-9E95-EA99D4EA71D3.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5007869 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/7152214E-2884-31AE-AE62-07AFB616452D.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100193 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/2D942E8D-7C04-3EED-9537-B11E80339CC6.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5100195 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/CD043578-E189-31D6-A0C3-F6913BFC56C1.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4     69277 1152921500312150823 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreTypes.bundle/Contents/Resources/UnknownFSObjectIcon.icns
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   1048604             5100771 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/47DE0686-52E0-37B4-B98B-75479E8EC569.isdata
Finder     433 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
Finder     433 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Finder     433 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Finder     433 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t319                 321 /dev/null
Finder     433 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Finder     433 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c98081bed9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Finder     433 user   18r      REG                1,4    118977 1152921500312258533 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_stdlib.metallib
Finder     433 user   19r      REG                1,4    320632 1152921500312258531 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_filters.metallib
Finder     433 user   20u      REG                1,4      9024             9182744 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.apple.finder.savedState/data.data
Finder     433 user   21u      REG                1,4    143360             4819765 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.finder/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Finder     433 user   22u      REG                1,4       604             9182742 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.finder/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.list
Finder     433 user   23u      REG                1,4     77824             4819768 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.finder/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
Finder     433 user   24u      REG                1,4       324             9182743 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.finder/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.list
Finder     433 user   25u      REG                1,4     10368             5891624 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.apple.finder.savedState/window_1.data
Finder     433 user   26w      REG                1,4      4771             9182745 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.apple.finder.savedState/windows.plist
secd       434 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
secd       434 user  txt       REG                1,4   6496480 1152921500312773421 /usr/libexec/secd
secd       434 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
secd       434 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622370 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db-shm
secd       434 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
secd       434 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
secd       434 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622397 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/ckks_analytics.db-shm
secd       434 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
secd       434 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
secd       434 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
secd       434 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t2059                 321 /dev/null
secd       434 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081de19       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
secd       434 user    4u      REG                1,4    905216             4622363 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db
secd       434 user    5u      REG                1,4   2447312             4622369 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db-wal
secd       434 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4622370 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db-shm
secd       434 user    7u      REG                1,4    905216             4622363 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db
secd       434 user    8u      REG                1,4   2447312             4622369 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db-wal
secd       434 user    9   NPOLICY                                                  
secd       434 user   10u      REG                1,4   1095952             4622395 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/ckks_analytics.db-wal
secd       434 user   11u      REG                1,4      4096             4622392 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/ckks_analytics.db
secd       434 user   12u      REG                1,4     32768             4622397 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/ckks_analytics.db-shm
secd       434 user   13u      REG                1,4    905216             4622363 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db
secd       434 user   14u      REG                1,4   2447312             4622369 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/keychain-2.db-wal
CommCente  437 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4  16142480 1152921500312262162 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework/Support/CommCenter
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4   1236912 1152921500312262188 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework/Support/libSystemDetermination.dylib
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4   4524192 1152921500312262184 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework/Support/libCommCenterAWDMetrics.dylib
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4   1723040 1152921500312262186 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework/Support/libCommCenterCommandDrivers.dylib
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4    409796 1152921500312643461 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/WirelessDiagnostics.framework/Support/AWDMetadata.bin
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4     65450 1152921500311994036 /System/Library/AWD/Metadata/AwdMetadata-0x8-CommCenter.bin
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
CommCente  437 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CommCente  437 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CommCente  437 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CommCente  437 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t599                 321 /dev/null
CommCente  437 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081c9c9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
CommCente  437 user    4   NPOLICY                                                  
CommCente  437 user    5u    systm 0xecae88d642f5c809       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.net.netagent id 2 unit 11]
CommCente  437 user    6u    systm 0xecae88c97a8ffac1       0t0                     [event 1:1:b]
CommCente  437 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
CommCente  437 user    8u    systm 0xecae88d642dd1d89       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.net.netagent id 2 unit 12]
CommCente  437 user    9   NPOLICY                                                  
CommCente  437 user   10u    systm 0xecae88d642f5d289       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.net.netagent id 2 unit 13]
CommCente  437 user   11   NPOLICY                                                  
backgroun  438 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
backgroun  438 user  txt       REG                1,4    396560 1152921500312202701 /System/Library/CoreServices/backgroundtaskmanagementagent
backgroun  438 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
backgroun  438 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
backgroun  438 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
backgroun  438 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
backgroun  438 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
backgroun  438 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
backgroun  438 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t555                 321 /dev/null
backgroun  438 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081ba29       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
backgroun  438 user    4u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
backgroun  438 user    5r      DIR                1,4       192              701025 /Library/Managed Preferences
backgroun  438 user    6r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
backgroun  438 user    7r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
backgroun  438 user    8r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
backgroun  438 user    9r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
APFSUserA  440 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
APFSUserA  440 user  txt       REG                1,4    162512 1152921500312123835 /System/Library/CoreServices/APFSUserAgent
APFSUserA  440 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
APFSUserA  440 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
APFSUserA  440 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
APFSUserA  440 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
APFSUserA  440 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContextSt  441 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4    175456 1152921500312494918 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreDuetContext.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ContextStoreAgent
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622885 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db-shm
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ContextSt  441 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ContextSt  441 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContextSt  441 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContextSt  441 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContextSt  441 user    3u      REG                1,4    372736             4622668 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db
ContextSt  441 user    4u      REG                1,4   2954072             4622884 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db-wal
ContextSt  441 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622885 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Knowledge/knowledgeC.db-shm
lockoutag  442 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
lockoutag  442 user  txt       REG                1,4    176448 1152921500312203138 /System/Library/CoreServices/lockoutagent
lockoutag  442 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
lockoutag  442 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
lockoutag  442 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
lockoutag  442 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
lockoutag  442 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
lockoutag  442 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t1034                 321 /dev/null
networkse  443 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
networkse  443 user  txt       REG                1,4    364128 1152921500312773236 /usr/libexec/networkserviceproxy
networkse  443 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
networkse  443 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
networkse  443 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
networkse  443 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
networkse  443 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
networkse  443 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
networkse  443 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
nsurlsess  444 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
nsurlsess  444 user  txt       REG                1,4   1438896 1152921500312773246 /usr/libexec/nsurlsessiond
nsurlsess  444 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
nsurlsess  444 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
nsurlsess  444 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
nsurlsess  444 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
nsurlsess  444 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
nsurlsess  444 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
nsurlsess  444 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
nsurlsess  444 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
nsurlsess  444 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
nsurlsess  444 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
trustd     445 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4   1234368 1152921500312773517 /usr/libexec/trustd
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4    189784 1152921500312656627 /System/Library/Security/Certificates.bundle/Contents/Resources/certsTable.data
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768               74492 /private/var/protected/trustd/valid.sqlite3-shm
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622422 /private/var/protected/trustd/private/AA6FBF21-8E98-42E5-B47B-2A495C4AF0FA/ocspcache.sqlite3-shm
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4     49776               74841 /private/var/db/nsurlstoraged/dafsaData.bin
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
trustd     445 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
trustd     445 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
trustd     445 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
trustd     445 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
trustd     445 user    3r      REG                1,4    163840               74493 /private/var/protected/trustd/pinningrules.sqlite3
trustd     445 user    4r      REG                1,4   5533696               74488 /private/var/protected/trustd/valid.sqlite3
trustd     445 user    5r      REG                1,4     32768               74491 /private/var/protected/trustd/valid.sqlite3-wal
trustd     445 user    6r      REG                1,4     32768               74492 /private/var/protected/trustd/valid.sqlite3-shm
trustd     445 user    7u      REG                1,4     73728             4622417 /private/var/protected/trustd/private/AA6FBF21-8E98-42E5-B47B-2A495C4AF0FA/ocspcache.sqlite3
trustd     445 user    8u      REG                1,4    556232             4622421 /private/var/protected/trustd/private/AA6FBF21-8E98-42E5-B47B-2A495C4AF0FA/ocspcache.sqlite3-wal
trustd     445 user    9u      REG                1,4     32768             4622422 /private/var/protected/trustd/private/AA6FBF21-8E98-42E5-B47B-2A495C4AF0FA/ocspcache.sqlite3-shm
trustd     445 user   10u      REG                1,4     73728             4622417 /private/var/protected/trustd/private/AA6FBF21-8E98-42E5-B47B-2A495C4AF0FA/ocspcache.sqlite3
trustd     445 user   11u      REG                1,4    556232             4622421 /private/var/protected/trustd/private/AA6FBF21-8E98-42E5-B47B-2A495C4AF0FA/ocspcache.sqlite3-wal
trustd     445 user   12   NPOLICY                                                  
trustd     445 user   14u    systm 0xecae88d642d72d09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 15]
trustd     445 user   20r      REG                1,4     49776               74841 /private/var/db/nsurlstoraged/dafsaData.bin
rapportd   446 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
rapportd   446 user  txt       REG                1,4   1385376 1152921500312773374 /usr/libexec/rapportd
rapportd   446 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
rapportd   446 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
rapportd   446 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
rapportd   446 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
rapportd   446 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
rapportd   446 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
rapportd   446 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t630                 321 /dev/null
rapportd   446 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081c5e1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
rapportd   446 user    4   NPOLICY                                                  
rapportd   446 user    5u     IPv4 0xecae88c97b58d609       0t0                 UDP *:*
rapportd   446 user    6u     IPv4 0xecae88c97b58ed89       0t0                 UDP *:*
rapportd   446 user    7u     unix 0xecae88c98081c069       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081c131
rapportd   446 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2199       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c2261
Notificat  447 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4623773 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.notificationcenterui/Data
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   6831072 1152921500312177839 /System/Library/CoreServices/NotificationCenter.app/Contents/MacOS/NotificationCenter
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     72392             9189132 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/timelines/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication/systemMedium--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     72792             9189140 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/timelines/today/systemLarge--3270473718301326798--344.00w--354.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     34696             9189368 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/timelines/overview/systemMedium--6831538298694013486--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     67704             9187586 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.iCal.CalendarWidgetExtension/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/timelines/com.apple.CalendarWidget.CalendarWidget/systemSmall---9068424113396816522--164.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   1279384             9187592 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.mobiletimer.WorldClockWidget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/timelines/com.apple.mobiletimer.WorldClock/systemMedium--1511510250703894621--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     23712 1152921500312707266 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.controlcenter.notifications.low-battery.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     31928 1152921500312707607 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.gamecenter.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     20360 1152921500312708197 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.studentd.notifications.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     19944 1152921500312706564 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.ScreenTimeNotifications.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     23919 1152921500312706378 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.ReplayKitNotifications.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     19944 1152921500312706393 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.ScreenTimeEnabledNotifications.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   1945048 1152921500312198337 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Graphite.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    567336 1152921500312705823 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.AppStore.notifications.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   1327192 1152921500312706203 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.Home.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     19544 1152921500312707034 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.askpermission.notifications.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    129440 1152921500312705998 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.BTUserNotifications.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   1003928 1152921500312707705 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.mdmclient.usernotifications.v2.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     18968 1152921500312708409 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.wifi.usernotifications.autohotspot.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     19976 1152921500312708068 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.reminders.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     18968 1152921500312708545 /System/Library/UserNotifications/Bundles/com.apple.wifi.usernotifications.diagnostics.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     73112             9178171 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/timelines/com.apple.weather/systemSmall--8711452392635008301--164.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     88328             4629473 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.mobiletimer.WorldClockWidget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/placeholders/com.apple.mobiletimer.WorldClock/systemMedium--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    122136             4629481 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.mobiletimer.WorldClockWidget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/snapshot/com.apple.mobiletimer.WorldClock/systemMedium--1511510250703894621--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     93912             4629143 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/placeholders/today/systemLarge--344.00w--354.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     42552             4629225 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/placeholders/overview/systemMedium--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4    437784             4629217 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/snapshot/today/systemLarge--3270473718301326798--344.00w--354.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     42056             4629283 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/snapshot/overview/systemMedium--6831538298694013486--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     37608             4629197 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/placeholders/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication/systemMedium--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     33816             4629278 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/SystemData/com.apple.chrono/snapshot/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication/systemMedium--344.00w--164.00h--20.00r.chrono-timeline
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
Notificat  447 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Notificat  447 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Notificat  447 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Notificat  447 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t664                 321 /dev/null
Notificat  447 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081dee1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Notificat  447 user    4r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
routined   449 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4622606 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.routined/Data
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4    163824 1152921500312773401 /usr/libexec/routined
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624104 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cache.sqlite-shm
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624114 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cloud-V2.sqlite-shm
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624137 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Local.sqlite-shm
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
routined   449 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
routined   449 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
routined   449 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
routined   449 user    2u      CHR                3,2  0t112522                 321 /dev/null
routined   449 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
routined   449 user    4u      REG                1,4    421888             4624090 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cache.sqlite
routined   449 user    5u      REG                1,4    421888             4624105 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cloud-V2.sqlite
routined   449 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4624104 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cache.sqlite-shm
routined   449 user    7u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
routined   449 user    8u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
routined   449 user    9u      REG                1,4    421888             4624105 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cloud-V2.sqlite
routined   449 user   10u      REG                1,4    421888             4624115 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Local.sqlite
routined   449 user   11u      REG                1,4     32768             4624114 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cloud-V2.sqlite-shm
routined   449 user   12u      REG                1,4    421888             4624115 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Local.sqlite
routined   449 user   13u      REG                1,4    421888             4624090 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cache.sqlite
routined   449 user   14u      REG                1,4     32768             4624137 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Local.sqlite-shm
routined   449 user   15u      REG                1,4    877592             4624103 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cache.sqlite-wal
routined   449 user   16u      REG                1,4   1186592             4624113 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Cloud-V2.sqlite-wal
routined   449 user   17u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
routined   449 user   18u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
routined   449 user   19u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
routined   449 user   20u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
routined   449 user   21u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
routined   449 user   22u      REG                1,4         0             9177882 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.routined/.LINKS/3B1FC59F-A6AA-42D4-AFA3-111FF6010CEC/_LOCK
routined   449 user   23u      REG                1,4   1071232             4624136 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.routined/dv/Cache/Local.sqlite-wal
routined   449 user   24u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
routined   449 user   25u      REG                1,4         0             9177897 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.routined/.LINKS/016197EA-7399-4020-BD77-AB8BE75CC6A2/_LOCK
secinitd   450 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4    229568 1152921500312773423 /usr/libexec/secinitd
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
secinitd   450 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
secinitd   450 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
secinitd   450 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
secinitd   450 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScreenTim  451 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4625073 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Data
ScreenTim  451 user  txt       REG                1,4   2440944 1152921500312595084 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ScreenTimeCore.framework/Versions/A/ScreenTimeAgent
ScreenTim  451 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ScreenTim  451 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ScreenTim  451 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
ScreenTim  451 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4625146 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite-shm
ScreenTim  451 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
ScreenTim  451 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ScreenTim  451 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScreenTim  451 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScreenTim  451 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScreenTim  451 user    3u      REG                1,4   1069056             4625141 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite
ScreenTim  451 user    4u      REG                1,4   2657432             4625145 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite-wal
ScreenTim  451 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4625146 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite-shm
ScreenTim  451 user    6u      REG                1,4   1069056             4625141 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite
ScreenTim  451 user    7u      REG                1,4   2657432             4625145 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite-wal
ScreenTim  451 user    8u      REG                1,4   1069056             4625141 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite
ScreenTim  451 user    9u      REG                1,4   2657432             4625145 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.ScreenTimeAgent/Store/RMAdminStore-Local.sqlite-wal
ScreenTim  451 user   10   NPOLICY                                                  
pboard     452 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
pboard     452 user  txt       REG                1,4    187488 1152921500312773264 /usr/libexec/pboard
pboard     452 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
pboard     452 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
pboard     452 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pboard     452 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pboard     452 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
dmd        453 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4   1781328 1152921500312768030 /usr/libexec/dmd
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624367 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/ConfigurationEngine/Database-shm
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624374 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database-shm
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
dmd        453 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
dmd        453 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
dmd        453 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
dmd        453 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
dmd        453 user    3u      REG                1,4    188416             4624357 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/ConfigurationEngine/Database
dmd        453 user    4u      REG                1,4     36864             4624356 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database
dmd        453 user    5u      REG                1,4   1487352             4624366 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/ConfigurationEngine/Database-wal
dmd        453 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4624367 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/ConfigurationEngine/Database-shm
dmd        453 user    7u      REG                1,4   1310192             4624373 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database-wal
dmd        453 user    8u      REG                1,4     32768             4624374 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database-shm
dmd        453 user    9u      REG                1,4         0             9177814 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.dmd/.LINKS/773FA62D-24EB-45E4-BDB6-811B6926E02C/_LOCK
dmd        453 user   10u      REG                1,4     36864             4624356 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database
dmd        453 user   11u      REG                1,4   1310192             4624373 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database-wal
dmd        453 user   12u      REG                1,4     36864             4624356 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database
dmd        453 user   13u      REG                1,4   1310192             4624373 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/dmd/Policies/Database-wal
container  454 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
container  454 user  txt       REG                1,4   1812272 1152921500312767987 /usr/libexec/containermanagerd
container  454 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
container  454 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
container  454 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
container  454 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
container  454 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
container  454 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
container  454 user    3u      REG                1,4    471040             4622474 /Users/user/Library/ContainerManager/containers.sqlite3
container  454 user    4u      REG                1,4   2282512             4622481 /Users/user/Library/ContainerManager/containers.sqlite3-wal
WiFiAgent  455 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4    585184 1152921500312202261 /System/Library/CoreServices/WiFiAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/WiFiAgent
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
WiFiAgent  455 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
WiFiAgent  455 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WiFiAgent  455 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WiFiAgent  455 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WiFiAgent  455 user    3w      CHR              21,10       0t0                 609 /dev/io8log
WiFiAgent  455 user    4w      CHR              21,11     0t713                 611 /dev/io8logtemp
WiFiAgent  455 user    5u     IPv4 0xecae88c97cf4fd39       0t0                 UDP *:*
WiFiAgent  455 user    6   NPOLICY                                                  
ViewBridg  456 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ViewBridg  456 user  txt       REG                1,4    121648 1152921500312640500 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ViewBridge.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/ViewBridgeAuxiliary.xpc/Contents/MacOS/ViewBridgeAuxiliary
ViewBridg  456 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ViewBridg  456 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
ViewBridg  456 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
ViewBridg  456 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ViewBridg  456 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ViewBridg  456 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ViewBridg  456 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ViewBridg  456 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarA  457 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4622514 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.CalendarAgent/Data
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4    145216 1152921500312477421 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarAgent.framework/Executables/CalendarAgent
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4   1197424 1152921500312477426 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarAgent.framework/Versions/A/CalendarAgent
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624087 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-shm
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CalendarA  457 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CalendarA  457 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarA  457 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarA  457 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarA  457 user    3u      REG                1,4      4096             4624079 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache
CalendarA  457 user    4u      REG                1,4   2319592             4624086 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-wal
CalendarA  457 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4624087 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-shm
CalendarA  457 user    6u      REG                1,4      4096             4624079 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache
CalendarA  457 user    7u      REG                1,4   2319592             4624086 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-wal
CalendarA  457 user    8u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalendarA  457 user    9u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
CalendarA  457 user   10u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalendarA  457 user   11u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
CalendarA  457 user   12u      REG                1,4      4096             4624079 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache
CalendarA  457 user   13u      REG                1,4   2319592             4624086 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-wal
CalendarA  457 user   14u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalendarA  457 user   15u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalendarA  457 user   16u      REG                1,4         0             9178263 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.CalendarAgent/.LINKS/6C3814C3-E986-4C6C-8648-8713A89E6525/_LOCK
CalendarA  457 user   17u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalendarA  457 user   18u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalendarA  457 user   19u      REG                1,4         0             9178265 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.CalendarAgent/.LINKS/29DECB95-E183-4636-B2D8-244AF405F3D6/_LOCK
CalendarA  457 user   20u      REG                1,4      4096             4624079 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache
CalendarA  457 user   21u      REG                1,4   2319592             4624086 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-wal
CalendarA  457 user   22u      REG                1,4      4096             4624079 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache
CalendarA  457 user   23u      REG                1,4   2319592             4624086 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-wal
CalendarA  457 user   24u      REG                1,4      4096             4624079 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache
CalendarA  457 user   25u      REG                1,4   2319592             4624086 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-wal
CalendarA  457 user   26u      REG                1,4      4096             4624079 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache
CalendarA  457 user   27u      REG                1,4   2319592             4624086 /Users/user/Library/Calendars/Calendar Cache-wal
identitys  458 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4  15271568 1152921500312537782 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IDS.framework/identityservicesd.app/Contents/MacOS/identityservicesd
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4628757 /Users/user/Library/IdentityServices/ids.db-shm
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
identitys  458 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
identitys  458 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
identitys  458 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
identitys  458 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
identitys  458 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
identitys  458 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c98081ce79       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081cf41
identitys  458 user    5u     unix 0xecae88c98081ca91       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081cb59
identitys  458 user    6u     unix 0xecae88c98081cb59       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081ca91
identitys  458 user    7u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
identitys  458 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c98081cce9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081cdb1
identitys  458 user    9u     unix 0xecae88c98081cdb1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081cce9
identitys  458 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
identitys  458 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c98081cf41       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081ce79
identitys  458 user   12u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
identitys  458 user   13u     unix 0xecae88c98081d009       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081d0d1
identitys  458 user   14u     unix 0xecae88c98081d0d1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081d009
identitys  458 user   15u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
identitys  458 user   16u    systm 0xecae88d642e92e89       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.net.utun_control id 4 unit 1]
identitys  458 user   17u    systm 0xecae88d642e92e89       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.net.utun_control id 4 unit 1]
identitys  458 user   18      CHAN              kpipe                               D9896CBB-5B80-4BC9-8FE8-8967009565D3[0] 
identitys  458 user   19u    systm 0xecae88d642e70189       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 10]
identitys  458 user   20     NEXUS                                                  
identitys  458 user   21u    systm 0xecae88d642ddf689       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.net.utun_control id 4 unit 2]
identitys  458 user   22     NEXUS                                                  
identitys  458 user   23u     IPv4 0xecae88c97cf12179       0t0                 UDP *:*
identitys  458 user   24u    systm 0xecae88d642dd1b09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.net.netagent id 2 unit 14]
identitys  458 user   25u      REG                1,4     32768             4628752 /Users/user/Library/IdentityServices/ids.db
identitys  458 user   26u      REG                1,4         0             4628756 /Users/user/Library/IdentityServices/ids.db-wal
identitys  458 user   27u      REG                1,4     32768             4628757 /Users/user/Library/IdentityServices/ids.db-shm
assistant  459 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
assistant  459 user  txt       REG                1,4  21531424 1152921500312472650 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AssistantServices.framework/Versions/A/Support/assistantd
assistant  459 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
assistant  459 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
assistant  459 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
assistant  459 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624059 /Users/user/Library/Assistant/SiriAnalytics.db-shm
assistant  459 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
assistant  459 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
assistant  459 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
assistant  459 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
assistant  459 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t3206                 321 /dev/null
assistant  459 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081c389       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
assistant  459 user    4u      REG                1,4     65536             4624040 /Users/user/Library/Assistant/SiriAnalytics.db
assistant  459 user    5u      REG                1,4   1170112             4624058 /Users/user/Library/Assistant/SiriAnalytics.db-wal
assistant  459 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4624059 /Users/user/Library/Assistant/SiriAnalytics.db-shm
bird       460 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
bird       460 user  txt       REG                1,4    144928 1152921500312482065 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudDocsDaemon.framework/Versions/A/Support/bird
bird       460 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
bird       460 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
bird       460 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
bird       460 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
bird       460 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
bird       460 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
bird       460 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
swcd       461 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
swcd       461 user  txt       REG                1,4    581472 1152921500312773479 /usr/libexec/swcd
swcd       461 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
swcd       461 user  txt       REG                1,4    300320 1152921500312169192 /System/Library/CoreServices/ManagedClient.app/Contents/PlugIns/MCXToolsInterface.bundle/Contents/MacOS/MCXToolsInterface
swcd       461 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
swcd       461 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
swcd       461 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
swcd       461 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
swcd       461 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
swcd       461 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
itunesclo  462 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
itunesclo  462 user  txt       REG                1,4   3212720 1152921500312645045 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iTunesCloud.framework/Support/itunescloudd
itunesclo  462 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
itunesclo  462 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
itunesclo  462 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
itunesclo  462 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629264 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.itunescloudd/Cache.db-shm
itunesclo  462 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
itunesclo  462 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
itunesclo  462 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
itunesclo  462 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
itunesclo  462 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t276                 321 /dev/null
itunesclo  462 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
itunesclo  462 user    5u      REG                1,4     49152             4629260 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.itunescloudd/Cache.db
itunesclo  462 user    6u      REG                1,4    325512             4629263 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.itunescloudd/Cache.db-wal
itunesclo  462 user    7u      REG                1,4     32768             4629264 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.itunescloudd/Cache.db-shm
itunesclo  462 user    8u      REG                1,4     49152             4629260 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.itunescloudd/Cache.db
itunesclo  462 user    9u      REG                1,4    325512             4629263 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.itunescloudd/Cache.db-wal
Spotlight  464 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   1068704 1152921500312197125 /System/Library/CoreServices/Spotlight.app/Contents/MacOS/Spotlight
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4     71320 1152921500312198327 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDark.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4      1923 1152921500312625027 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/default_factors_333.pb
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   9738256 1152921500312148940 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphsPrivate.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4      1843 1152921500312625029 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/default_factors_334.pb
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   3389172 1152921500312625202 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/spotlight_l2.mlmodelc/_B0000.DAT
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631431 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.Spotlight/Cache.db-shm
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   4328028 1152921500312625212 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/spotlight_l2_recency.mlmodelc/_B0000.DAT
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4  15803948 1152921500312625207 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/spotlight_l2_mail.mlmodelc/_B0000.DAT
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4    103359 1152921500312624970 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/appExtras.mdplist
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   7573300 1152921500312625217 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SpotlightServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/spotlight_l2_recency_mail.mlmodelc/_B0000.DAT
Spotlight  464 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
Spotlight  464 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Spotlight  464 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Spotlight  464 user    2u      CHR                3,2   0t24556                 321 /dev/null
Spotlight  464 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Spotlight  464 user    4u      REG                1,4    495616             4630378 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.Spotlight/Cache.db
Spotlight  464 user    5u      REG                1,4   2607992             4631430 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.Spotlight/Cache.db-wal
Spotlight  464 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4631431 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.Spotlight/Cache.db-shm
Spotlight  464 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
QuickLook  466 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4629635 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.quicklook.QuickLookUIService/Data
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4    231344 1152921500312312154 /System/Library/Frameworks/Quartz.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/QuickLookUI.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/QuickLookUIService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/QuickLookUIService
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
QuickLook  466 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
QuickLook  466 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
QuickLook  466 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
QuickLook  466 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pkd        467 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4    656800 1152921500312773272 /usr/libexec/pkd
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
pkd        467 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
pkd        467 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pkd        467 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pkd        467 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pkd        467 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
fontd      468 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
fontd      468 user  txt       REG                1,4    775136 1152921500312242879 /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/ATS.framework/Versions/A/Support/fontd
fontd      468 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
fontd      468 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5004854 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.FontRegistry/fontregistry.user-shm
fontd      468 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
fontd      468 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
fontd      468 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fontd      468 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fontd      468 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t146                 321 /dev/null
fontd      468 user    3u      REG                1,4   7036928             4623020 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.FontRegistry/fontregistry.user
fontd      468 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             4623022 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.FontRegistry/fontregistry.user-wal
fontd      468 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             5004854 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.FontRegistry/fontregistry.user-shm
fontd      468 user    6u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
fontd      468 user    7r      DIR                1,4        64             4622142 /Users/user/Library/Fonts
fontd      468 user    8r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
fontd      468 user    9r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
fontd      468 user   10r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
fontd      468 user   11r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
fontd      468 user   12r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
fontd      468 user   13r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
fontd      468 user   14r      DIR                1,4      4160 1152921500312520461 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Fonts/Subsets
fontd      468 user   15r      DIR                1,4       128 1152921500312520345 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Fonts
fontd      468 user   16r      DIR                1,4       160 1152921500312520344 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources
fontd      468 user   17r      DIR                1,4       128 1152921500312520343 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A
fontd      468 user   18r      DIR                1,4       128 1152921500312520342 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions
fontd      468 user   19r      DIR                1,4       160 1152921500312520340 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework
fontd      468 user   20r      DIR                1,4     33152 1152921500312446927 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks
fontd      468 user   21r      DIR                1,4      4288 1152921500311993981 /System/Library
fontd      468 user   22r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
fontd      468 user   23r      DIR                1,4       128               27348 /System/Library/AssetsV2/com_apple_MobileAsset_Font6
fontd      468 user   24r      DIR                1,4      1152             4997045 /System/Library/AssetsV2
fontd      468 user   25r      DIR                1,4       288             4996351 /System/Volumes/Data/System/Library
fontd      468 user   26r      DIR                1,4        96             4996350 /System/Volumes/Data/System
fontd      468 user   27r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
fontd      468 user   28r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
fontd      468 user   29r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
fontd      468 user   30r      DIR                1,4      2400 1152921500312226819 /System/Library/Fonts
fontd      468 user   31r      DIR                1,4      4288 1152921500311993981 /System/Library
fontd      468 user   32r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
fontd      468 user   33r      DIR                1,4       288             4995619 /Library/Fonts
fontd      468 user   34r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
fontd      468 user   35r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
fontd      468 user   36r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
fontd      468 user   37r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
fontd      468 user   38r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
fontd      468 user   39r      DIR                1,4      1888 1152921500312520346 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Fonts/ApplicationSupport
fontd      468 user   40r      DIR                1,4       128 1152921500312520345 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Fonts
fontd      468 user   41r      DIR                1,4       160 1152921500312520344 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources
fontd      468 user   42r      DIR                1,4       128 1152921500312520343 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions/A
fontd      468 user   43r      DIR                1,4       128 1152921500312520342 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework/Versions
fontd      468 user   44r      DIR                1,4       160 1152921500312520340 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FontServices.framework
fontd      468 user   45r      DIR                1,4     33152 1152921500312446927 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks
fontd      468 user   46r      DIR                1,4      4288 1152921500311993981 /System/Library
fontd      468 user   47r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
amsengage  470 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4   1924336 1152921500312469117 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleMediaServicesUI.framework/amsengagementd
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4642417 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.AppleMediaServicesUI/Cache.db-shm
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4     20355             5152767 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.AppleMediaServicesUI/fsCachedData/B51D6795-B5CD-405F-901F-5511098C1606
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
amsengage  470 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
amsengage  470 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
amsengage  470 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
amsengage  470 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
amsengage  470 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4642413 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.AppleMediaServicesUI/Cache.db
amsengage  470 user    5u      REG                1,4    201912             4642416 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.AppleMediaServicesUI/Cache.db-wal
amsengage  470 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4642417 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.AppleMediaServicesUI/Cache.db-shm
amsengage  470 user    9   NPOLICY                                                  
cloudd     471 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4    199872 1152921500312482361 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CloudKitDaemon.framework/Support/cloudd
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622560 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitMetadata-shm
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622694 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitOperationInfo-shm
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631813 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/Records/pcs.db-shm
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631808 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/Records/pcs.db-shm
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5020983 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/Records/pcs.db-shm
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
cloudd     471 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
cloudd     471 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cloudd     471 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cloudd     471 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cloudd     471 user    3u      REG                1,4     86016             4622542 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitMetadata
cloudd     471 user    4u      REG                1,4    807552             4622558 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitMetadata-wal
cloudd     471 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622560 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitMetadata-shm
cloudd     471 user    6u      REG                1,4      4096             4622687 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitOperationInfo
cloudd     471 user    7u      REG                1,4    259592             4622691 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitOperationInfo-wal
cloudd     471 user    8u      REG                1,4     32768             4622694 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/CloudKitOperationInfo-shm
cloudd     471 user    9r      DIR                1,4        64             4623869 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.knowledge-agent/cb76e6f7c01e6fba7b0f09a3fb202aeec42b4b73/tmp
cloudd     471 user   10r      DIR                1,4        64             4623747 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.securityd/444b262b252686c99622264f1d476ced07a32cb1/tmp
cloudd     471 user   11r      DIR                1,4        64             4623870 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.knowledge-agent/cb76e6f7c01e6fba7b0f09a3fb202aeec42b4b73/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   12r      DIR                1,4        64             4623751 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.securityd/444b262b252686c99622264f1d476ced07a32cb1/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   13r      DIR                1,4        64             4623808 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.securityd/444b262b252686c99622264f1d476ced07a32cb1/Assets
cloudd     471 user   14r      DIR                1,4        64             4623871 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.knowledge-agent/cb76e6f7c01e6fba7b0f09a3fb202aeec42b4b73/Assets
cloudd     471 user   15r      DIR                1,4        64             4623872 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.knowledge-agent/cb76e6f7c01e6fba7b0f09a3fb202aeec42b4b73/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   16r      DIR                1,4        64             4623873 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.knowledge-agent/cb76e6f7c01e6fba7b0f09a3fb202aeec42b4b73/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   17r      DIR                1,4        64             4623824 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.securityd/444b262b252686c99622264f1d476ced07a32cb1/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   18r      DIR                1,4        64             4623825 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.securityd/444b262b252686c99622264f1d476ced07a32cb1/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   19r      DIR                1,4        64             4623874 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.knowledge-agent/cb76e6f7c01e6fba7b0f09a3fb202aeec42b4b73/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   20r      DIR                1,4        64             4623826 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.securityd/444b262b252686c99622264f1d476ced07a32cb1/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   21r      DIR                1,4        64             4623827 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.securityd/fa1e3fbf25118f4c6b2e02d52f316e01347e101a
cloudd     471 user   22r      DIR                1,4        64             4623875 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.knowledge-agent/57884fce175b6b1d242db964015f8f050da9c3aa
cloudd     471 user   23r      DIR                1,4        64             4623831 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/tmp
cloudd     471 user   24r      DIR                1,4        64             4623832 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   25r      DIR                1,4        64             4623834 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/Assets
cloudd     471 user   26r      DIR                1,4        64             4623840 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   27r      DIR                1,4        64             4623843 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   28r      DIR                1,4        64             4623845 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   29u      REG                1,4     32768             4631772 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/Records/pcs.db
cloudd     471 user   30r      DIR                1,4        64             4623696 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing/aa73de30954c5cf0c85ed82c798fc05ce34a64b6/tmp
cloudd     471 user   31r      DIR                1,4        64             4623697 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing/aa73de30954c5cf0c85ed82c798fc05ce34a64b6/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   32r      DIR                1,4        64             4623698 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing/aa73de30954c5cf0c85ed82c798fc05ce34a64b6/Assets
cloudd     471 user   33r      DIR                1,4        64             4623699 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing/aa73de30954c5cf0c85ed82c798fc05ce34a64b6/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   34r      DIR                1,4        64             4623700 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing/aa73de30954c5cf0c85ed82c798fc05ce34a64b6/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   35r      DIR                1,4        64             4623701 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing/aa73de30954c5cf0c85ed82c798fc05ce34a64b6/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   36r      DIR                1,4        64             4623702 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.protectedcloudstorage.protectedcloudkeysyncing/69c058b849aa11ed1ab3ee58001a9f314a4c4130
cloudd     471 user   37r      DIR                1,4        64             4623686 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.assistant.assistantd/745028c72683801e45d882b9b76307c0b258408a/tmp
cloudd     471 user   38r      DIR                1,4        64             4623687 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.assistant.assistantd/745028c72683801e45d882b9b76307c0b258408a/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   39r      DIR                1,4        64             4623688 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.assistant.assistantd/745028c72683801e45d882b9b76307c0b258408a/Assets
cloudd     471 user   40r      DIR                1,4        64             4623689 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.assistant.assistantd/745028c72683801e45d882b9b76307c0b258408a/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   41r      DIR                1,4        64             4623690 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.assistant.assistantd/745028c72683801e45d882b9b76307c0b258408a/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   42r      DIR                1,4        64             4623691 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.assistant.assistantd/745028c72683801e45d882b9b76307c0b258408a/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   43r      DIR                1,4        64             4623692 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.assistant.assistantd/a7251ab568c11a3a6168372c6e3c87169b2d665c
cloudd     471 user   44r      DIR                1,4        64             4623709 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.imagent/595e8bb0c8c5bca9dd197a05597a294fb2d5d1bb/tmp
cloudd     471 user   45r      DIR                1,4        64             4623710 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.imagent/595e8bb0c8c5bca9dd197a05597a294fb2d5d1bb/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   46r      DIR                1,4        64             4623711 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.imagent/595e8bb0c8c5bca9dd197a05597a294fb2d5d1bb/Assets
cloudd     471 user   47r      DIR                1,4        64             4623712 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.imagent/595e8bb0c8c5bca9dd197a05597a294fb2d5d1bb/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   48r      DIR                1,4        64             4623713 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.imagent/595e8bb0c8c5bca9dd197a05597a294fb2d5d1bb/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   49r      DIR                1,4        64             4623714 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.imagent/595e8bb0c8c5bca9dd197a05597a294fb2d5d1bb/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   50r      DIR                1,4        64             4623715 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.imagent/6fe52de9b209fe993ece0f2445dff3edf1a1679b
cloudd     471 user   51   NPOLICY                                                  
cloudd     471 user   52u    systm 0xecae88d642dd1909       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 14]
cloudd     471 user   53r      DIR                1,4        64             5020963 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/79d00bbf349c3c41f627421b1937101e545403ee/tmp
cloudd     471 user   54u      REG                1,4     53592             4631810 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/Records/pcs.db-wal
cloudd     471 user   55u      REG                1,4     32768             4631813 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/08932f36cdfe8bd4cb9ae896921eef9e68c55ad4/Records/pcs.db-shm
cloudd     471 user   56r      DIR                1,4        64             5020964 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/79d00bbf349c3c41f627421b1937101e545403ee/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   57r      DIR                1,4        64             5020965 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/79d00bbf349c3c41f627421b1937101e545403ee/Assets
cloudd     471 user   58r      DIR                1,4        64             4631526 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/ce49f3500a597aa2dca9af15112d99e9363cd778/tmp
cloudd     471 user   59r      DIR                1,4        64             4631527 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/ce49f3500a597aa2dca9af15112d99e9363cd778/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   60r      DIR                1,4        64             4631528 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/ce49f3500a597aa2dca9af15112d99e9363cd778/Assets
cloudd     471 user   61r      DIR                1,4        64             4631529 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/ce49f3500a597aa2dca9af15112d99e9363cd778/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   62r      DIR                1,4        64             4631530 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/ce49f3500a597aa2dca9af15112d99e9363cd778/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   63r      DIR                1,4        64             4631531 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/ce49f3500a597aa2dca9af15112d99e9363cd778/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   64r      DIR                1,4        64             4631532 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/3676b2a64cc12b4d47dcaca1ee52ab5eeb833deb
cloudd     471 user   65r      DIR                1,4        64             4631534 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/5c64ef931d8658ccf3553c9467b17fa4a3f57288/tmp
cloudd     471 user   66r      DIR                1,4        64             4631535 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/5c64ef931d8658ccf3553c9467b17fa4a3f57288/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   67r      DIR                1,4        64             4631536 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/5c64ef931d8658ccf3553c9467b17fa4a3f57288/Assets
cloudd     471 user   68r      DIR                1,4        64             4631537 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/5c64ef931d8658ccf3553c9467b17fa4a3f57288/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   69r      DIR                1,4        64             4631538 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/5c64ef931d8658ccf3553c9467b17fa4a3f57288/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   70r      DIR                1,4        64             4631539 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/5c64ef931d8658ccf3553c9467b17fa4a3f57288/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   71r      DIR                1,4        64             4631532 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.cloudpaird/3676b2a64cc12b4d47dcaca1ee52ab5eeb833deb
cloudd     471 user   72r      DIR                1,4        64             4623850 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.suggestd/9689277fc800e022bb77d1141f289a17802a0e5b/tmp
cloudd     471 user   73r      DIR                1,4        64             4623851 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.suggestd/9689277fc800e022bb77d1141f289a17802a0e5b/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   74r      DIR                1,4        64             4623852 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.suggestd/9689277fc800e022bb77d1141f289a17802a0e5b/Assets
cloudd     471 user   75r      DIR                1,4        64             4623853 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.suggestd/9689277fc800e022bb77d1141f289a17802a0e5b/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   76r      DIR                1,4        64             4623854 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.suggestd/9689277fc800e022bb77d1141f289a17802a0e5b/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   77r      DIR                1,4        64             4623855 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.suggestd/9689277fc800e022bb77d1141f289a17802a0e5b/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   78r      DIR                1,4        64             4623856 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.suggestd/c6641c96deceb9b2b4fc35feacc62a5ca5cc0f7a
cloudd     471 user   79r      DIR                1,4        64             4623879 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.willowd/84aa04eb48bbce96cce41ef359e5bedd37611e43/6d5b8c41e4722ccdc3f44adb81fcf9410ab708e1/tmp
cloudd     471 user   80r      DIR                1,4        64             4623880 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.willowd/84aa04eb48bbce96cce41ef359e5bedd37611e43/6d5b8c41e4722ccdc3f44adb81fcf9410ab708e1/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   81r      DIR                1,4        64             4623881 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.willowd/84aa04eb48bbce96cce41ef359e5bedd37611e43/6d5b8c41e4722ccdc3f44adb81fcf9410ab708e1/Assets
cloudd     471 user   82r      DIR                1,4        64             4623882 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.willowd/84aa04eb48bbce96cce41ef359e5bedd37611e43/6d5b8c41e4722ccdc3f44adb81fcf9410ab708e1/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   83r      DIR                1,4        64             4623883 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.willowd/84aa04eb48bbce96cce41ef359e5bedd37611e43/6d5b8c41e4722ccdc3f44adb81fcf9410ab708e1/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   84r      DIR                1,4        64             4623884 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.willowd/84aa04eb48bbce96cce41ef359e5bedd37611e43/6d5b8c41e4722ccdc3f44adb81fcf9410ab708e1/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   85r      DIR                1,4        64             4623885 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.willowd/7bd8fe3bd494d0f84f5e8669dba459f817ecd033
cloudd     471 user   86r      DIR                1,4        64             4635434 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.textinput.KeyboardServices/16eec71a93d98426bd4f0adf6f1feee9a29311f6/2bb72ec7676f1ef6f5f88fa889a77a9f1443a05d/tmp
cloudd     471 user   87r      DIR                1,4        64             4635435 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.textinput.KeyboardServices/16eec71a93d98426bd4f0adf6f1feee9a29311f6/2bb72ec7676f1ef6f5f88fa889a77a9f1443a05d/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   88r      DIR                1,4        64             4635436 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.textinput.KeyboardServices/16eec71a93d98426bd4f0adf6f1feee9a29311f6/2bb72ec7676f1ef6f5f88fa889a77a9f1443a05d/Assets
cloudd     471 user   89r      DIR                1,4        64             4635437 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.textinput.KeyboardServices/16eec71a93d98426bd4f0adf6f1feee9a29311f6/2bb72ec7676f1ef6f5f88fa889a77a9f1443a05d/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   90r      DIR                1,4        64             4635438 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.textinput.KeyboardServices/16eec71a93d98426bd4f0adf6f1feee9a29311f6/2bb72ec7676f1ef6f5f88fa889a77a9f1443a05d/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   91r      DIR                1,4        64             4635439 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.textinput.KeyboardServices/16eec71a93d98426bd4f0adf6f1feee9a29311f6/2bb72ec7676f1ef6f5f88fa889a77a9f1443a05d/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   92r      DIR                1,4        64             4635440 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.textinput.KeyboardServices/73860e57795d7b199e55275ab90eb2a8027ab7a1
cloudd     471 user   93r      DIR                1,4        64             4624664 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/tmp
cloudd     471 user   94r      DIR                1,4        64             4624665 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user   95r      DIR                1,4        64             4624666 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/Assets
cloudd     471 user   96r      DIR                1,4        64             4624667 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user   97r      DIR                1,4        64             4624668 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/MMCS
cloudd     471 user   98r      DIR                1,4        64             4624669 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user   99r      DIR                1,4        64             4624670 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/6f2b8ef094adc2a70c45cdb0d186258cb201f786
cloudd     471 user  100u      REG                1,4      4096             4631759 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/Records/pcs.db
cloudd     471 user  101u      REG                1,4    111272             4631807 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/Records/pcs.db-wal
cloudd     471 user  102u      REG                1,4     32768             4631808 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.icloud.fmfd/13f631a3598f936e415e0dce3963008159ae2a66/Records/pcs.db-shm
cloudd     471 user  103r      DIR                1,4        64             5020967 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/79d00bbf349c3c41f627421b1937101e545403ee/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user  104r      DIR                1,4        64             5020968 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/79d00bbf349c3c41f627421b1937101e545403ee/MMCS
cloudd     471 user  105r      DIR                1,4        64             5020969 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/79d00bbf349c3c41f627421b1937101e545403ee/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user  106r      DIR                1,4        64             4624812 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/bb1314eff040410fd3233700c6c93674a06f9ee1/tmp
cloudd     471 user  107r      DIR                1,4        64             4624813 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/bb1314eff040410fd3233700c6c93674a06f9ee1/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user  108r      DIR                1,4        64             4624814 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/bb1314eff040410fd3233700c6c93674a06f9ee1/Assets
cloudd     471 user  109r      DIR                1,4        64             4624816 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/bb1314eff040410fd3233700c6c93674a06f9ee1/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user  110r      DIR                1,4        64             4624817 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/bb1314eff040410fd3233700c6c93674a06f9ee1/MMCS
cloudd     471 user  111r      DIR                1,4        64             4624818 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/bb1314eff040410fd3233700c6c93674a06f9ee1/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user  112r      DIR                1,4        64             5020971 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/tmp
cloudd     471 user  113r      DIR                1,4        64             5020972 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user  114r      DIR                1,4        64             5020973 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/Assets
cloudd     471 user  115r      DIR                1,4        64             5020975 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user  116r      DIR                1,4        64             5020976 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/MMCS
cloudd     471 user  117r      DIR                1,4        64             5020977 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/Library/Caches/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user  118u      REG                1,4      4096             5020979 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/Records/pcs.db
cloudd     471 user  119u      REG                1,4     82432             5020982 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/Records/pcs.db-wal
cloudd     471 user  120u      REG                1,4     32768             5020983 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.Safari/Data/CloudKit/19cd2669f37f65b31d5bbf4d0470072d0c2e24d2/Records/pcs.db-shm
cloudd     471 user  121r      DIR                1,4        64             4623836 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/tmp
cloudd     471 user  122r      DIR                1,4        64             4623838 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user  123r      DIR                1,4        64             4623841 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/Assets
cloudd     471 user  124r      DIR                1,4        64             4623842 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user  125r      DIR                1,4        64             4623844 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/MMCS
cloudd     471 user  126r      DIR                1,4        64             4623846 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user  127r      DIR                1,4        64             4623847 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/740cb274de093e23dbcd79ce2d24ba20c095de7b
cloudd     471 user  128r      DIR                1,4        64             4623836 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/tmp
cloudd     471 user  129r      DIR                1,4        64             4623838 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/StagingAssets
cloudd     471 user  130r      DIR                1,4        64             4623841 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/Assets
cloudd     471 user  131r      DIR                1,4        64             4623842 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/AssetsDb
cloudd     471 user  132r      DIR                1,4        64             4623844 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/MMCS
cloudd     471 user  133r      DIR                1,4        64             4623846 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/e3218955454ddfc3c690909bd6d691c9f2d0b139/FrameworkCaches
cloudd     471 user  134r      DIR                1,4        64             4623847 /Users/user/Library/Caches/CloudKit/com.apple.avatarsd/740cb274de093e23dbcd79ce2d24ba20c095de7b
ContextSe  472 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4  15663024 1152921500312491871 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ContextKit.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/ContextService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/ContextService
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4     68826             4998213 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/_0.tvd
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4    690057             4998233 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/categories-qids.dat
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4   1258080             4998224 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/_0.nvd
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4   1303835             4998227 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/categories-ancestors.dat
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4   1411763             4998215 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/categories-titles-en.dat
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4   2461113             4998219 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/tags.tsm
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4    472776             4998217 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/ulid.trie
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4   1030845             4998238 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/ulid.vecs
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4  56524881             4998231 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/_0_AAPL50_0.doc
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4  31300230             4998220 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/_0_AAPL50_0.tim
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4  33262537             4998232 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/_0.fdt
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4  11863648             4998235 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/treasuremap.dat
ContextSe  472 user  txt       REG                1,4  12020956             4998236 /System/Library/AssetsV2/PreinstalledAssetsV2/RequiredByOs/com_apple_MobileAsset_ContextKit/0fe3fea731599038c3b318f8548f715b3b3878ef.asset/AssetData/lucene.tagged.53.idx/qid-to-categories.tsm
ContextSe  472 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContextSe  472 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContextSe  472 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  473 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Categorie  473 user  txt       REG                1,4    232880 1152921500312480553 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Categories.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/CategoriesService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/CategoriesService
Categorie  473 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Categorie  473 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Categorie  473 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Categorie  473 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  473 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  473 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
tccd       474 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4   1489024 1152921500312634089 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TCC.framework/Versions/A/Resources/tccd
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
tccd       474 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
tccd       474 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
tccd       474 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
tccd       474 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
tccd       474 user    3r      REG                1,4       218             4977318 /Library/Apple/Library/Bundles/TCC_Compatibility.bundle/Contents/Resources/AllowApplicationsList.plist
tccd       474 user    4u      REG                1,4     57344             4622748 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.TCC/TCC.db
CloudKeyc  475 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
CloudKeyc  475 user  txt       REG                1,4    371808 1152921500312352480 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CloudKeychainProxy.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CloudKeychainProxy
CloudKeyc  475 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CloudKeyc  475 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622456 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/sos_analytics.db-shm
CloudKeyc  475 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CloudKeyc  475 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CloudKeyc  475 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CloudKeyc  475 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t607                 321 /dev/null
CloudKeyc  475 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081d329       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
CloudKeyc  475 user    4u      REG                1,4      4096             4622444 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/sos_analytics.db
CloudKeyc  475 user    5u      REG                1,4    288432             4622455 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/sos_analytics.db-wal
CloudKeyc  475 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4622456 /Users/user/Library/Keychains/D40678EA-FD2F-5D38-B496-CE3900FDF10B/Analytics/sos_analytics.db-shm
fontworke  476 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
fontworke  476 user  txt       REG                1,4    407232 1152921500312242883 /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/ATS.framework/Versions/A/Support/fontworker
fontworke  476 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
fontworke  476 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
fontworke  476 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
fontworke  476 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
fontworke  476 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
fontworke  476 user  txt       REG                1,4  23278008 1152921500312226967 /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Unicode.ttf
fontworke  476 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fontworke  476 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fontworke  476 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
photolibr  477 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4622778 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.photolibraryd/Data
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4    587904 1152921500312565543 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoLibraryServices.framework/Versions/A/Support/photolibraryd
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4    138896 1152921500312266466 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/CloudDocsFileProvider.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CloudDocsFileProvider
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4    142480 1152921500312266478 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FileProviderOverride
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4841213 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-shm
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4    495696 1152921500312266493 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4    459056 1152921500312497243 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreNLP.framework/Versions/A/Resources/tokruleLE.data
photolibr  477 user  txt       REG                1,4  27971344 1152921500312778514 /usr/share/langid/langid.inv
photolibr  477 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
photolibr  477 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
photolibr  477 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
photolibr  477 user    3w      REG                1,4       453             4841193 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite.lock
photolibr  477 user    4u      REG                1,4   1748992             4841208 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite
photolibr  477 user    5u      REG                1,4    267832             4841212 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-wal
photolibr  477 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4841213 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-shm
photolibr  477 user    7u      REG                1,4         0             9184239 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.photolibraryd/.LINKS/97C86CD0-2022-4ADA-B259-C26B5D9A94A9/_LOCK
akd        478 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
akd        478 user  txt       REG                1,4   2404864 1152921500312473443 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AuthKit.framework/Versions/A/Support/akd
akd        478 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
akd        478 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
akd        478 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622871 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.akd/Cache.db-shm
akd        478 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
akd        478 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
akd        478 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
akd        478 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
akd        478 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t545                 321 /dev/null
akd        478 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081cc21       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
akd        478 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4622665 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.akd/Cache.db
akd        478 user    5u      REG                1,4     65952             4622870 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.akd/Cache.db-wal
akd        478 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4622871 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.akd/Cache.db-shm
akd        478 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
akd        478 user    9u      REG                1,4     49152             4622665 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.akd/Cache.db
akd        478 user   10u      REG                1,4     65952             4622870 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.akd/Cache.db-wal
ctkd       480 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4    430288 1152921500312264472 /System/Library/Frameworks/CryptoTokenKit.framework/ctkd
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
ctkd       480 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ctkd       480 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ctkd       480 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ctkd       480 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ctkd       480 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
AppSSOAge  481 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4    468112 1152921500312464891 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppSSO.framework/Support/AppSSOAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/AppSSOAgent
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
AppSSOAge  481 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
AppSSOAge  481 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AppSSOAge  481 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AppSSOAge  481 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  482 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
com.apple  482 user  txt       REG                1,4    708016 1152921500312495061 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreEmbeddedSpeechRecognition.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/com.apple.siri.embeddedspeech.xpc/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.siri.embeddedspeech
com.apple  482 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
com.apple  482 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
com.apple  482 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
com.apple  482 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  482 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  482 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
parsecd    483 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4   6838224 1152921500312498266 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreParsec.framework/parsecd
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4     50353             9177885 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.parsecd/bag.plist
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
parsecd    483 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
parsecd    483 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
parsecd    483 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
parsecd    483 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t207                 321 /dev/null
parsecd    483 user    3u      REG                1,4     24576             4630208 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.parsecd/EngagedCompletions/Cache.db
parsecd    483 user    4   NPOLICY                                                  
parsecd    483 user    5r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
ContactsA  487 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4622912 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.AddressBook.ContactsAccountsService/Data
ContactsA  487 user  txt       REG                1,4    175728 1152921500312228429 /System/Library/Frameworks/AddressBook.framework/Executables/ContactsAccountsService
ContactsA  487 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ContactsA  487 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
ContactsA  487 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ContactsA  487 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ContactsA  487 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContactsA  487 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ContactsA  487 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
parsec-fb  489 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
parsec-fb  489 user  txt       REG                1,4   4781024 1152921500312498264 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreParsec.framework/parsec-fbf
parsec-fb  489 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
parsec-fb  489 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
parsec-fb  489 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
parsec-fb  489 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
parsec-fb  489 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
parsec-fb  489 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cdpd       490 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
cdpd       490 user  txt       REG                1,4    140224 1152921500312492431 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreCDP.framework/Versions/A/Resources/cdpd
cdpd       490 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
cdpd       490 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
cdpd       490 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cdpd       490 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cdpd       490 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Protected  491 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Protected  491 user  txt       REG                1,4    604640 1152921500312574879 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProtectedCloudStorage.framework/Helpers/ProtectedCloudKeySyncing
Protected  491 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Protected  491 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622693 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/KeysSyncingVersion3-(null)-ProtectedCloudStorage.db-shm
Protected  491 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622699 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/PCSAnalytics.db-shm
Protected  491 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Protected  491 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Protected  491 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Protected  491 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Protected  491 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Protected  491 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Protected  491 user    3u      REG                1,4     53248             4622683 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/KeysSyncingVersion3-(null)-ProtectedCloudStorage.db
Protected  491 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             4622692 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/KeysSyncingVersion3-(null)-ProtectedCloudStorage.db-wal
Protected  491 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622693 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/KeysSyncingVersion3-(null)-ProtectedCloudStorage.db-shm
Protected  491 user    6u      REG                1,4      4096             4622695 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/PCSAnalytics.db
Protected  491 user    7u      REG                1,4    123632             4622698 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/PCSAnalytics.db-wal
Protected  491 user    8u      REG                1,4     32768             4622699 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.ProtectedCloudStorage/PCSAnalytics.db-shm
Keychain   492 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4    228448 1152921500312166140 /System/Library/CoreServices/Keychain Circle Notification.app/Contents/MacOS/Keychain Circle Notification
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Keychain   492 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Keychain   492 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Keychain   492 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Keychain   492 user    2u      CHR                3,2      0t88                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  494 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4627828 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4   1021840 1152921500312525602 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/GeoServices.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/com.apple.geod.xpc/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.geod
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5006324 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/GEOConfigStore.db-shm
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5006560 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/AP.db-shm
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5006561 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices/ReqCount.db-shm
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
com.apple  494 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
com.apple  494 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  494 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  494 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t320                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  494 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081d3f1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
com.apple  494 user    4u      REG                1,4      4096             4627919 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/GEOConfigStore.db
com.apple  494 user    5u      REG                1,4    486192             4627922 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/GEOConfigStore.db-wal
com.apple  494 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             5006324 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/GEOConfigStore.db-shm
com.apple  494 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
com.apple  494 user    9r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
com.apple  494 user   10u      REG                1,4      4096             4628133 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/AP.db
com.apple  494 user   11u    systm 0xecae88d6435e0f89       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 17]
com.apple  494 user   13u      REG                1,4    156592             9178290 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/MapTiles/MapTiles.sqlitedb-wal
com.apple  494 user   14u      REG                1,4      4096             9178288 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/MapTiles/MapTiles.sqlitedb
com.apple  494 user   16u      REG                1,4      4096             4628145 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices/ReqCount.db
com.apple  494 user   18u      REG                1,4    712792             4628138 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/AP.db-wal
com.apple  494 user   19u      REG                1,4     32768             5006560 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/AP.db-shm
com.apple  494 user   21u      REG                1,4    230752             4628148 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices/ReqCount.db-wal
com.apple  494 user   22u      REG                1,4     32768             5006561 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices/ReqCount.db-shm
com.apple  494 user   24u      REG                1,4      4096             9178214 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/PDPlaceCache.db
com.apple  494 user   25u      REG                1,4     61832             9178218 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.geod/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.geod/PDPlaceCache.db-wal
Categorie  495 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Categorie  495 user  txt       REG                1,4    232880 1152921500312480553 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Categories.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/CategoriesService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/CategoriesService
Categorie  495 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Categorie  495 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Categorie  495 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Categorie  495 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  495 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  495 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  497 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4    121120 1152921500312359600 /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoToolbox.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/VTDecoderXPCService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/VTDecoderXPCService
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4     85104 1152921500312708974 /System/Library/Video/Plug-Ins/AppleGVAHEVCDecoder.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleGVAHEVCDecoder
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4     58032 1152921500312212328 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4  26860976 1152921500312212886 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver
VTDecoder  497 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
VTDecoder  497 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  497 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  497 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  497 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081e2c9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
CalNCServ  498 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4624174 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.CalendarNotification.CalNCService/Data
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4    264784 1152921500312477950 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarNotification.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/CalNCService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/CalNCService
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
CalNCServ  498 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CalNCServ  498 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalNCServ  498 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalNCServ  498 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalNCServ  498 user    3u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
CalNCServ  498 user    4u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalNCServ  498 user    5u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalNCServ  498 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
CalNCServ  498 user    7u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalNCServ  498 user    8u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalNCServ  498 user    9u      REG                1,4         0             9178270 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.CalendarNotification.CalNCService/.LINKS/BB3E0331-08B4-4827-AD72-0EDC18B376F8/_LOCK
CalNCServ  498 user   10u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalNCServ  498 user   11u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalNCServ  498 user   12u      REG                1,4         0             9178278 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.CalendarNotification.CalNCService/.LINKS/09B60F1D-03FD-4873-BB6F-6DD83CAAAC39/_LOCK
CalNCServ  498 user   13   NPOLICY                                                  
CalNCServ  498 user   14r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
corespotl  500 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
corespotl  500 user  twd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4    359472 1152921500312261625 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/Metadata.framework/Versions/A/Support/corespotlightd
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     42437 1152921500312262124 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreSpotlight.framework/Versions/A/Resources/schema.mdplist
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4        56             4622515 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-1.map.header
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622517 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-1.map.data
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622519 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-1.map.offsets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622520 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-1.map.buckets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4        56             4622521 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-2.map.header
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4        56             4622525 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-3.map.header
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4        56             4622534 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-4.map.header
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4        56             4622545 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-5.map.header
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     65536             4622562 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/reverseDirectoryStore
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4         8             4622471 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexIds
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4         4             4622473 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexBigDates
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622475 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexGroups
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4         8             4622478 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexTermIds
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4         8             4622480 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexPositionTable
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      2056             4622482 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexDirectory
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4         8             4622483 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexCompactDirectory
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4        64             4622484 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexArrays
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     65536             4622487 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.directoryStoreFile
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622490 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexIds
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     16384             4622492 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexBigDates
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622494 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexGroups
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             4622496 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexTermIds
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             4622499 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexPositionTable
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      8224             4622501 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexDirectory
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      1024             4622502 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexCompactDirectory
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     65536             4622503 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexArrays
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     65536             4622505 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.directoryStoreFile
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622522 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-2.map.data
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622523 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-2.map.offsets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622524 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-2.map.buckets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622526 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-3.map.data
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622527 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-3.map.offsets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622528 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-3.map.buckets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622536 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-4.map.data
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622537 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-4.map.offsets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622539 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-4.map.buckets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622547 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-5.map.data
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622548 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-5.map.offsets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             4622551 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/dbStr-5.map.buckets
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4      1242             9178200 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/journalAttr.20
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
corespotl  500 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
corespotl  500 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
corespotl  500 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
corespotl  500 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
corespotl  500 user    3u      REG                1,4      4096             4622495 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/live.0.indexPostings
corespotl  500 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
corespotl  500 user    5r      DIR                1,4      2208             4622450 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3
corespotl  500 user    6u      REG                1,4        28             4622465 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/indexState
corespotl  500 user    7u      REG                1,4      1242             9178200 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/journalAttr.20
corespotl  500 user    8u      REG                1,4     36864             5878298 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/.store.db
corespotl  500 user    9r      REG                1,4      4096             4622476 /Users/user/Library/Metadata/CoreSpotlight/index.spotlightV3/0.indexPostings
corespotl  500 user   10u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
corespotl  500 user   11u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
corespotl  500 user   12u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
corespotl  500 user   13u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
corespotl  500 user   14u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
corespotl  500 user   15u      REG                1,4         0             9178458 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.LINKS/1D7ABA15-B872-48EE-8464-1EACF3A75016/_LOCK
corespotl  500 user   16u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
corespotl  500 user   17u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
corespotl  500 user   18u      REG                1,4         0             9178576 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.LINKS/279CFC02-457F-49E6-AA24-777138BDC15A/_LOCK
sharedfil  502 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4    450464 1152921500312205945 /System/Library/CoreServices/sharedfilelistd
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4    138896 1152921500312266466 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/CloudDocsFileProvider.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CloudDocsFileProvider
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4    142480 1152921500312266478 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FileProviderOverride
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4    495696 1152921500312266493 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
sharedfil  502 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
sharedfil  502 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
sharedfil  502 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
sharedfil  502 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AMPDevice  503 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4630325 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.AMPDeviceDiscoveryAgent/Data
AMPDevice  503 user  txt       REG                1,4   1190944 1152921500312448438 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AMPDevices.framework/Versions/A/Support/AMPDeviceDiscoveryAgent
AMPDevice  503 user  txt       REG                1,4   6014480             4977649 /Library/Apple/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MobileDevice.framework/Versions/A/MobileDevice
AMPDevice  503 user  txt       REG                1,4   2052192             4977621 /Library/Apple/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AirTrafficHost.framework/Versions/A/AirTrafficHost
AMPDevice  503 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AMPDevice  503 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AMPDevice  503 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AMPDevice  503 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AMPDevice  503 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AMPDevice  503 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t841                 321 /dev/null
AMPDevice  503 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081e391       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
AMPDevice  503 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c98081d649       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081d711
AMPDevice  503 user    5u     unix 0xecae88c98081e5e9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081b709
AMPDevice  503 user    6u     unix 0xecae88c98081b709       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081e5e9
AMPDevice  503 user    7u     unix 0xecae88c98081bbb9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081bc81
iconservi  505 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4    176352 1152921500312203130 /System/Library/CoreServices/iconservicesagent
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4    626688             5016575 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservices/store.index
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4    483328             4623938 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservicesagent/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4    106496             4623947 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservicesagent/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
iconservi  505 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
iconservi  505 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
iconservi  505 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
iconservi  505 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
iconservi  505 user    3r      REG                1,4    118977 1152921500312258533 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_stdlib.metallib
iconservi  505 user    4r      REG                1,4    320632 1152921500312258531 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_filters.metallib
iconservi  505 user    5r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
iconservi  505 user    6r      REG                1,4  13400978 1152921500312277913 /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/MPSImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/default.metallib
iconservi  505 user    7u      REG                1,4    483328             4623938 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservicesagent/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
iconservi  505 user    8u      REG                1,4      2956             9187804 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservicesagent/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.list
iconservi  505 user    9u      REG                1,4    106496             4623947 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservicesagent/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
iconservi  505 user   10u      REG                1,4      1948             9187805 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservicesagent/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.list
callservi  507 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4   6154272 1152921500312634590 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/TelephonyUtilities.framework/callservicesd
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4     92092 1152921500312498273 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CorePhoneNumbers.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CorePhoneNumbers.ruleset
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622833 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata-shm
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
callservi  507 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
callservi  507 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
callservi  507 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
callservi  507 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t213                 321 /dev/null
callservi  507 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
callservi  507 user    4u      REG                1,4     73728             4622739 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata
callservi  507 user    5u      REG                1,4      8272             4622832 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata-wal
callservi  507 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4622833 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata-shm
callservi  507 user    7u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
callservi  507 user    8u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
callservi  507 user    9u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
callservi  507 user   10u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
callservi  507 user   11u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
callservi  507 user   12u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
callservi  507 user   13u      REG                1,4         0             9178016 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.TelephonyUtilities/.LINKS/FF40968C-710A-41A8-AC38-53565732534F/_LOCK
pbs        508 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
pbs        508 user  txt       REG                1,4    298176 1152921500312205097 /System/Library/CoreServices/pbs
pbs        508 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
pbs        508 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
pbs        508 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
pbs        508 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pbs        508 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
pbs        508 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CoreServi  509 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4    830800 1152921500312149218 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreServicesUIAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/CoreServicesUIAgent
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CoreServi  509 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
CoreServi  509 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CoreServi  509 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CoreServi  509 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
corespeec  510 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
corespeec  510 user  txt       REG                1,4   3539248 1152921500312499412 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSpeech.framework/corespeechd
corespeec  510 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
corespeec  510 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
corespeec  510 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
corespeec  510 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
corespeec  510 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
corespeec  510 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t1408                 321 /dev/null
corespeec  510 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081bd49       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
corespeec  510 user    4u     IPv6 0xecae88c982766069       0t0                 TCP [fe80:5::aede:48ff:fe00:1122]:49216->[fe80:5::aede:48ff:fe33:4455]:49167 (ESTABLISHED)
corespeec  510 user    5   NPOLICY                                                  
Sophos     515 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   3236912             2996517 /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/Sophos Endpoint UIServer.app/Contents/MacOS/Sophos Endpoint UIServer
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4    578896             2996310 /Library/Frameworks/SophosGenericsCommon.framework/Versions/A/SophosGenericsCommon
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4    684440             2996593 /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/Sophos Endpoint UIServer.app/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4     71320 1152921500312198327 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDark.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Sophos     515 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
Sophos     515 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Sophos     515 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Sophos     515 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t320                 321 /dev/null
Sophos     515 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081bfa1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Sophos     515 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2329       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c24b9
Sophos     515 user    5      PIPE 0x4f128c62d01dcb4a     16384                     ->0xd72b71e07e7a1836
Sophos     515 user    6      PIPE 0xd72b71e07e7a1836     16384                     ->0x4f128c62d01dcb4a
TeamViewe  518 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       160             4821763 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/MacOS
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4  86176176             4821764 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/MacOS/TeamViewerHost
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    276208             4822717 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVAVFoundation.framework/Versions/A/TVAVFoundation
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    332592             4822528 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVCrux.framework/Versions/A/TVCrux
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    309696             4822550 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVLogging.framework/Versions/A/TVLogging
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    387120             4822413 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVSystemMonitoring.framework/Versions/A/TVSystemMonitoring
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    553376             4822115 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVFoundation.framework/Versions/A/TVFoundation
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    289600             4822366 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUICreative.framework/Versions/A/TVUICreative
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    214096             4822445 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUICreativeViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUICreativeViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    258720             4822805 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIChat.framework/Versions/A/TVUIChat
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    160992             4822377 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIChatViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIChatViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    416736             4822387 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIAccount.framework/Versions/A/TVUIAccount
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    179344             4822774 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIAccountViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIAccountViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    609232             4822506 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIMainBase.framework/Versions/A/TVUIMainBase
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    381136             4822402 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIMainBaseViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIMainBaseViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    435136             4822666 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIMainHost.framework/Versions/A/TVUIMainHost
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    215312             4822126 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIMainHostViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIMainHostViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1576352             4822707 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIPreferences.framework/Versions/A/TVUIPreferences
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    508928             4821981 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIPreferencesViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIPreferencesViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    361120             4822058 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVAutoupdate.framework/Versions/A/TVAutoupdate
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    258576             4822751 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVOSPermissions.framework/Versions/A/TVOSPermissions
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    225168             4822082 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVOSPermissionsUserInterface.framework/Versions/A/TVOSPermissionsUserInterface
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    177008             4822035 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVOSPermissionsViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVOSPermissionsViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   2658464             4822741 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIBase.framework/Versions/A/TVUIBase
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    356672             4822424 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIBaseViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIBaseViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    162880             4822435 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVPrinting.framework/Versions/A/TVPrinting
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    175312             4822046 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVQuickLook.framework/Versions/A/TVQuickLook
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    152944             4821970 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVNoteIntegration.framework/Versions/A/TVNoteIntegration
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    253232             4822765 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVMetal.framework/Versions/A/TVMetal
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    236992             4821944 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVDiagnosticDataReporting.framework/Versions/A/TVDiagnosticDataReporting
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1353456             4822013 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVCoreUI.framework/Versions/A/TVCoreUI
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    217264             4822608 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionSendFile.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionSendFile
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    845680             4822354 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/Sparkle.framework/Versions/A/Sparkle
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    154624             4821992 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionSendFileViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionSendFileViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1629696             4822496 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIPartnerList.framework/Versions/A/TVUIPartnerList
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1153376             4822618 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionBase.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionBase
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    377520             4822093 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionBaseViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionBaseViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1484640             4822597 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIWidgets.framework/Versions/A/TVUIWidgets
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    314192             4822561 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIWidgetsViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIWidgetsViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    440320             4822002 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIPartnerListViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUIPartnerListViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    691952             4822793 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionFileTransfer.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionFileTransfer
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1136208             4822638 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionRemoteControl.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionRemoteControl
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    477552             4822539 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionRemoteControlViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionRemoteControlViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    151056             4822104 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVDrawing.framework/Versions/A/TVDrawing
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    218384             4822069 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUISessionFileTransferViewModels.framework/Versions/A/TVUISessionFileTransferViewModels
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1338680             4821895 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4     77264             4822663 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVUIMainHost.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Assets.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4     71320 1152921500312198327 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDark.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1284080 1152921500312230925 /System/Library/Frameworks/AppKit.framework/Versions/C/Resources/Assets.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   3366976 1152921500312198311 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
TeamViewe  518 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
TeamViewe  518 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  518 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  518 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  518 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
TeamViewe  518 user    4      PIPE 0xc4d47d88abe1a585     16384                     ->0xc23022aaf92c5bec
TeamViewe  518 user    5      PIPE 0xc23022aaf92c5bec     16384                     ->0xc4d47d88abe1a585
TeamViewe  518 user    6   NPOLICY                                                  
TeamViewe  518 user    7u     IPv4 0xecae88c985352f09       0t0                 TCP localhost:49390->localhost:10011 (CLOSE_WAIT)
TeamViewe  518 user    8u      REG                1,4         0             9178759 /Users/user/Library/Caches/Cleanup At Startup/.TeamViewer.lock
TeamViewe  518 user    9u     IPv4 0xecae88c985379ab9       0t0                 TCP localhost:49404->localhost:5940 (ESTABLISHED)
TeamViewe  518 user   10u     unix 0xecae88c9859ada31       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
TeamViewe  518 user   11u    systm 0xecae88d6426bbe89       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 25]
TeamViewe  518 user   12u     IPv4 0xecae88c986ae1931       0t0                 TCP localhost:49415->localhost:10011 (CLOSE_WAIT)
TeamViewe  518 user   13u     unix 0xecae88c9859ad711       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ad7d9
SophosAge  520 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4   2462208             2997763 /Library/Sophos Anti-Virus/SophosAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/SophosAgent
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4    377632             2996314 /Library/Frameworks/SophosGenericsCore.framework/Versions/A/SophosGenericsCore
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
SophosAge  520 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
SophosAge  520 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SophosAge  520 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SophosAge  520 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t295                 321 /dev/null
SophosAge  520 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081be11       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
SophosAge  520 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c9828c0ed9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c0fa1
SophosAge  520 user    5      PIPE 0x9f4701c303c4c40b     16384                     ->0xa1d80e0fb61b3797
SophosAge  520 user    6      PIPE 0xa1d80e0fb61b3797     16384                     ->0x9f4701c303c4c40b
SophosAge  520 user    7r      DIR                1,4        96             4625252 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/com.apple.backgroundtaskmanagementagent
imklaunch  521 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4    230096 1152921500312273041 /System/Library/Frameworks/InputMethodKit.framework/Versions/A/Resources/imklaunchagent
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
imklaunch  521 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
imklaunch  521 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
imklaunch  521 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
imklaunch  521 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
icdd       522 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
icdd       522 user  txt       REG                1,4    701968 1152921500312362660 /System/Library/Image Capture/Support/icdd
icdd       522 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
icdd       522 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
icdd       522 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
icdd       522 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
icdd       522 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
icdd       522 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
icdd       522 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9828c35e9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c0709
icdd       522 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c9828c0899       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c0a29
icdd       522 user    5u     unix 0xecae88c9828c07d1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c0961
icdd       522 user    6u     unix 0xecae88c9828c11f9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1451
icdd       522 user    7u     unix 0xecae88c9828c12c1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1519
icdd       522 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1389       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c16a9
icdd       522 user    9u     unix 0xecae88c9828c0e11       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1839
icdd       522 user   10u     unix 0xecae88c9828c0af1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c0c81
icdd       522 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c9828c15e1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1771
icdd       522 user   12u     unix 0xecae88c9828c0bb9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c0d49
TeamViewe  524 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       160             4821763 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/MacOS
TeamViewe  524 user  txt       REG                1,4    175296             4821765 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/MacOS/TeamViewer_Desktop_Proxy
TeamViewe  524 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
TeamViewe  524 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
TeamViewe  524 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  524 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  524 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
askpermis  525 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
askpermis  525 user  txt       REG                1,4    514800 1152921500312470508 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AskPermission.framework/Versions/A/Resources/askpermissiond
askpermis  525 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
askpermis  525 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
askpermis  525 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631515 /Users/user/Library/Caches/askpermissiond/Cache.db-shm
askpermis  525 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
askpermis  525 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
askpermis  525 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
askpermis  525 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
askpermis  525 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
askpermis  525 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t310                 321 /dev/null
askpermis  525 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9828c23f1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
askpermis  525 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4631476 /Users/user/Library/Caches/askpermissiond/Cache.db
askpermis  525 user    5u      REG                1,4    346112             4631514 /Users/user/Library/Caches/askpermissiond/Cache.db-wal
askpermis  525 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4631515 /Users/user/Library/Caches/askpermissiond/Cache.db-shm
askpermis  525 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
askpermis  525 user    9u      REG                1,4     49152             4631476 /Users/user/Library/Caches/askpermissiond/Cache.db
askpermis  525 user   10u      REG                1,4    346112             4631514 /Users/user/Library/Caches/askpermissiond/Cache.db-wal
sharingd   527 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4   9316048 1152921500312773441 /usr/libexec/sharingd
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4      2245             9178149 /Users/user/Library/Sharing/AirDropHashDB/AirDropHashDB.airdrop_dbv4
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4     92092 1152921500312498273 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CorePhoneNumbers.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CorePhoneNumbers.ruleset
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
sharingd   527 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
sharingd   527 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
sharingd   527 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
sharingd   527 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
sharingd   527 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081c1f9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081c2c1
sharingd   527 user    4u     IPv4 0xecae88c97cf44469       0t0                 UDP *:*
sharingd   527 user    5u    systm 0xecae88c97a8ffaf9       0t0                     [event 1:6:1]
sharingd   527 user    6u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1069       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1131
sharingd   527 user    7u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1131       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1069
sharingd   527 user    8u     IPv4 0xecae88c97cf47369       0t0                 UDP *:*
sharingd   527 user    9u     IPv4 0xecae88c97cf45609       0t0                 UDP *:*
sharingd   527 user   10u     IPv4 0xecae88c97cf458f9       0t0                 UDP *:*
sharingd   527 user   11u     IPv4 0xecae88c97cf44d39       0t0                 UDP *:*
sharingd   527 user   12u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
sharingd   527 user   13u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
sharingd   527 user   14u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
sharingd   527 user   15u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
sharingd   527 user   16u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
sharingd   527 user   17u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
sharingd   527 user   18u      REG                1,4         0             9177981 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.sharingd/.LINKS/591C74FB-910C-454C-BEAD-6981DBF55FBA/_LOCK
sharingd   527 user   19u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
sharingd   527 user   20u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
sharingd   527 user   21u      REG                1,4         0             9177983 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.sharingd/.LINKS/E63D6209-CE5F-4EC3-8BA2-66CCCEC19096/_LOCK
sharingd   527 user   22u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
sharingd   527 user   23u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
sharingd   527 user   24u     IPv4 0xecae88c978bd2a49       0t0                 UDP *:*
sharingd   527 user   25u     IPv4 0xecae88c978bd1e89       0t0                 UDP *:*
sharingd   527 user   26r      REG                1,4      2245             9178149 /Users/user/Library/Sharing/AirDropHashDB/AirDropHashDB.airdrop_dbv4
sharingd   527 user   30u     unix 0xecae88c9859ac069       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ac901
AGMServic  528 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
AGMServic  528 user  txt       REG                1,4   3475632             4969274 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/AdobeGCClient/AGMService
AGMServic  528 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AGMServic  528 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AGMServic  528 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AGMServic  528 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AGMServic  528 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AGMServic  528 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AGMServic  528 user    3w      REG                1,4     11795             9178026 /private/tmp/adobegc.log
AirPlayUI  529 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4630386 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.AirPlayUIAgent/Data
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4    234208 1152921500312126292 /System/Library/CoreServices/AirPlayUIAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/AirPlayUIAgent
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
AirPlayUI  529 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AirPlayUI  529 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AirPlayUI  529 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AirPlayUI  529 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cloudpair  530 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
cloudpair  530 user  txt       REG                1,4   1503120 1152921500312202864 /System/Library/CoreServices/cloudpaird
cloudpair  530 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
cloudpair  530 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
cloudpair  530 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
cloudpair  530 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cloudpair  530 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
cloudpair  530 user    2u      CHR                3,2      0t86                 321 /dev/null
cloudpair  530 user    3r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
imagent    531 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4   1100928 1152921500312539033 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMCore.framework/imagent.app/Contents/MacOS/imagent
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4   1081600 1152921500312377133 /System/Library/Messages/PlugIns/SMS.imservice/Contents/MacOS/SMS
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
imagent    531 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
imagent    531 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
imagent    531 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
imagent    531 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t346                 321 /dev/null
imagent    531 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
imagent    531 user   16u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
com.faron  533 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4    222448             3477367 /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.faronics.DeepFreezeAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/com.faronics.DeepFreezeAgent
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4     71320 1152921500312198327 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDark.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4      3588             3477412 /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.faronics.DeepFreezeAgent.app/Contents/Resources/Base.lproj/Main.storyboardc/MainMenu.nib
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4    467896             3477414 /Library/PrivilegedHelperTools/com.faronics.DeepFreezeAgent.app/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
com.faron  533 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
com.faron  533 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.faron  533 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.faron  533 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Creative   534 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    437872             5882488 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/MacOS/Creative Cloud
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    260400             5882672 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCrashReporter
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631264 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeCreativeCloud/Cache.db-shm
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   1391440             5882852 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/CrashReporterClient.framework/Versions/A/CrashReporterClient
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2977920             5880782 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/Core.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    675584             5880991 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanControl.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4     71320 1152921500312198327 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDark.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4     48368             5883193 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/CCDContainer/CCDContainer.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   4099456             5880783 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/AdobePIM.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2973952             5880990 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/CmdCntr.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2922384             5880989 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanWrapper.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    933536             5880988 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanMessage5.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   7614688             5880987 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/AID.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   3470304             5880930 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/PrefsManager.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2744720             5880929 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/LocManager.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   3061296             5880928 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/Analytics.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   3425888             5880789 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX/HEX.dylib
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4 164265488             5880924 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Chromium Embedded Framework
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    163785             5880894 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2832912             5883185 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/CCDContainer/CCDContainer.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CCDContainer
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Creative   534 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Creative   534 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Creative   534 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
Creative   534 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Creative   534 user    3w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Creative   534 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             4631263 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeCreativeCloud/Cache.db-wal
Creative   534 user    5u      REG                1,4     49152             4631260 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeCreativeCloud/Cache.db
Creative   534 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4631264 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeCreativeCloud/Cache.db-shm
Creative   534 user    7u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Creative   534 user    8   NPOLICY                                                  
Creative   534 user   10w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Creative   534 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2581       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c2c89
Creative   534 user   12w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Creative   534 user   13w      REG                1,4      3227             4631612 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/CEF.log
Creative   534 user   14r      REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Creative   534 user   15r      REG                1,4    163785             5880894 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Creative   534 user   16r      REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Creative   534 user   17r      REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Creative   534 user   18r      REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Creative   534 user   19r      REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Creative   534 user   20r      REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Creative   534 user   21r      REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Creative   534 user   22u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Creative   534 user   23u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Creative   534 user   24r      CHR               17,1   0t12288                 597 /dev/urandom
Creative   534 user   25      PIPE 0x7449af8972d40fce     16384                     ->0xb759fa18c3146df0
Creative   534 user   26      PIPE 0xb759fa18c3146df0     16384                     ->0x7449af8972d40fce
Creative   534 user   27u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Creative   534 user   28r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Creative   534 user   29r      DIR                1,4      2752             4998276 /private/etc
Creative   534 user   30r      REG                1,4       213             4998550 /private/etc/hosts
Creative   534 user   31u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Creative   534 user   32r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Creative   534 user   33r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
Creative   534 user   34r      DIR                1,4       192              701025 /Library/Managed Preferences
Creative   534 user   35u     unix 0xecae88c9859adfa9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ae071
Creative   534 user   36u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Creative   534 user   37r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Creative   534 user   38u    systm 0xecae88d6427a9709       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 29]
Creative   534 user   41u     unix 0xecae88c98081d199       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081d261
Creative   534 user   42u     unix 0xecae88c98081d261       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081d199
diagnosti  535 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
diagnosti  535 user  txt       REG                1,4    366080 1152921500312202870 /System/Library/CoreServices/diagnostics_agent
diagnosti  535 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
diagnosti  535 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
diagnosti  535 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
diagnosti  535 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
diagnosti  535 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
diagnosti  535 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
diagnosti  535 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
diagnosti  535 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
diagnosti  535 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
diagnosti  535 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
diagnosti  535 user    4r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
TextInput  537 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4    264752 1152921500312199202 /System/Library/CoreServices/TextInputMenuAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/TextInputMenuAgent
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4     71320 1152921500312198327 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantDark.car
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
TextInput  537 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
TextInput  537 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TextInput  537 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TextInput  537 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TextInput  537 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
amsaccoun  538 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
amsaccoun  538 user  txt       REG                1,4   1157456 1152921500312468534 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppleMediaServices.framework/Versions/A/Resources/amsaccountsd
amsaccoun  538 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
amsaccoun  538 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
amsaccoun  538 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
amsaccoun  538 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624011 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.amsaccountsd/Cache.db-shm
amsaccoun  538 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
amsaccoun  538 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
amsaccoun  538 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
amsaccoun  538 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
amsaccoun  538 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t623                 321 /dev/null
amsaccoun  538 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2bc1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
amsaccoun  538 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4623988 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.amsaccountsd/Cache.db
amsaccoun  538 user    5u      REG                1,4    403792             4624010 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.amsaccountsd/Cache.db-wal
amsaccoun  538 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4624011 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.amsaccountsd/Cache.db-shm
amsaccoun  538 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
amsaccoun  538 user    9u      REG                1,4     49152             4623988 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.amsaccountsd/Cache.db
amsaccoun  538 user   10u      REG                1,4    403792             4624010 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.amsaccountsd/Cache.db-wal
suggestd   541 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4    243088 1152921500312499621 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSuggestions.framework/Versions/A/Support/suggestd
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622734 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/entities.db-shm
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622736 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/snippets.db-shm
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622863 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db-shm
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     49204             4622746 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/significant-pseudo-contacts.bf.bf2-head
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     49204             4622747 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/significant-pseudo-contacts.bf.bf2-tail
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4      5953 1152921500312564379 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonalizationPortraitInternals.framework/Versions/A/Resources/PERSONALIZATION_PORTRAIT_TOPICS_101_default_factors.pb
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     16384 1152921500312564454 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonalizationPortraitInternals.framework/Versions/A/Resources/assets_102/PP_NE_EN.bf
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624860 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/training.db-shm
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4    459056 1152921500312497243 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreNLP.framework/Versions/A/Resources/tokruleLE.data
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     27023 1152921500312501632 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreSuggestionsInternals.framework/Versions/A/Resources/nicknames.dat
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     45056             4622769 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/aggr_state
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4   3748416 1152921500312504207 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DataDetectorsCore.framework/Versions/A/Resources/com.apple.datadetectorscore.cache.full.default.system
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     92092 1152921500312498273 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CorePhoneNumbers.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CorePhoneNumbers.ruleset
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4    563512             1405128 /System/Library/AssetsV2/com_apple_MobileAsset_CoreSuggestions/d54fb0013b3a8d48375719d63200d3ca74197f54.asset/AssetData/CompiledPatterns.pldat
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4   2765356 1152921500312564410 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonalizationPortraitInternals.framework/Versions/A/Resources/assets_101/highLevelTextTopics.trie
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4   1342416 1152921500312564408 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonalizationPortraitInternals.framework/Versions/A/Resources/assets_101/highLevelTextTopics.dat
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4     95800 1152921500312564426 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PersonalizationPortraitInternals.framework/Versions/A/Resources/assets_101/topicCalibration.trie
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4  27971344 1152921500312778514 /usr/share/langid/langid.inv
suggestd   541 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
suggestd   541 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
suggestd   541 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
suggestd   541 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t5520                 321 /dev/null
suggestd   541 user    3u      REG                1,4     12288             4622717 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/entities.db
suggestd   541 user    4u      REG                1,4    634512             4622732 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/entities.db-wal
suggestd   541 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622734 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/entities.db-shm
suggestd   541 user    6u      REG                1,4     12288             4622723 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/snippets.db
suggestd   541 user    7u      REG                1,4    222512             4622735 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/snippets.db-wal
suggestd   541 user    8u      REG                1,4     32768             4622736 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/snippets.db-shm
suggestd   541 user    9u      REG                1,4     45056             4622769 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/aggr_state
suggestd   541 user   10u      REG                1,4     49204             4622746 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/significant-pseudo-contacts.bf.bf2-head
suggestd   541 user   11u      REG                1,4     49204             4622747 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/significant-pseudo-contacts.bf.bf2-tail
suggestd   541 user   12u      REG                1,4     12288             4622717 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/entities.db
suggestd   541 user   13u      REG                1,4    634512             4622732 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/entities.db-wal
suggestd   541 user   14u      REG                1,4     12288             4622723 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/snippets.db
suggestd   541 user   15u      REG                1,4    222512             4622735 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/snippets.db-wal
suggestd   541 user   16u      REG                1,4      8192             4622853 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db
suggestd   541 user   17u      REG                1,4   1268992             4622862 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db-wal
suggestd   541 user   18u      REG                1,4     32768             4622863 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db-shm
suggestd   541 user   19u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
suggestd   541 user   20u      REG                1,4      8192             4622853 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db
suggestd   541 user   21u      REG                1,4   1268992             4622862 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db-wal
suggestd   541 user   22u      REG                1,4      8192             4622853 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db
suggestd   541 user   23u      REG                1,4   1268992             4622862 /Users/user/Library/PersonalizationPortrait/PPSQLDatabase.db-wal
suggestd   541 user   24u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
suggestd   541 user   25u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
suggestd   541 user   26u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
suggestd   541 user   27u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
suggestd   541 user   28u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
suggestd   541 user   29u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
suggestd   541 user   30u      REG                1,4         0             9178705 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.LINKS/C3877F68-C77D-4962-B41E-2A4014651312/_LOCK
suggestd   541 user   31u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
suggestd   541 user   32u      REG                1,4         0             9178801 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.LINKS/5818E080-B4B4-4D24-B847-6D7E676D782D/_LOCK
suggestd   541 user   33u      REG                1,4      8192             4624856 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/training.db
suggestd   541 user   34u      REG                1,4    276072             4624859 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/training.db-wal
suggestd   541 user   35u      REG                1,4     32768             4624860 /Users/user/Library/Suggestions/training.db-shm
fileprovi  542 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
fileprovi  542 user  txt       REG                1,4  14646352 1152921500312266519 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/Support/fileproviderd
fileprovi  542 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
fileprovi  542 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
fileprovi  542 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
fileprovi  542 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
fileprovi  542 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fileprovi  542 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fileprovi  542 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeReso  543 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4  18573360             5130889 /Applications/Adobe Acrobat DC/Adobe Acrobat.app/Contents/Helpers/AdobeResourceSynchronizer.app/Contents/MacOS/AdobeResourceSynchronizer
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4    547168             5130871 /Applications/Adobe Acrobat DC/Adobe Acrobat.app/Contents/Helpers/AdobeResourceSynchronizer.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCrashReporter
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4    650176             5130124 /Applications/Adobe Acrobat DC/Adobe Acrobat.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeAXE8SharedExpat.framework/Versions/A/AdobeAXE8SharedExpat
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4    314016             5130138 /Applications/Adobe Acrobat DC/Adobe Acrobat.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeBIB.framework/Versions/A/AdobeBIB
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4   1487984             5130046 /Applications/Adobe Acrobat DC/Adobe Acrobat.app/Contents/Frameworks/AcroSQLite.framework/Versions/A/AcroSQLite
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5146569 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Eureka/AcroCoreSync/Adobe/CoreSync/EntitySync/80ffb555f26771951e1ffdf3f6d9a351.db-shm
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
AdobeReso  543 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AdobeReso  543 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeReso  543 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeReso  543 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t596                 321 /dev/null
AdobeReso  543 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9828c3391       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c3459
AdobeReso  543 user    4u     unix 0xecae88c9828c3459       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c3391
AdobeReso  543 user    5u     unix 0xecae88c9828c3521       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1901
AdobeReso  543 user    6u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1901       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c3521
AdobeReso  543 user    7u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
AdobeReso  543 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c9828c19c9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1a91
AdobeReso  543 user    9u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1a91       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c19c9
AdobeReso  543 user   10u      REG                1,4         0             4671346 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/AdobeResourceSynchronizer-log.txt
AdobeReso  543 user   11w      REG                1,4         0             4671347 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/adobesynchronizersLockObj-lock
AdobeReso  543 user   12u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1b59       0t0                     /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/Notification
AdobeReso  543 user   13u      REG                1,4     32768             4671353 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/RFL/LocalMapping/RFLDB210
AdobeReso  543 user   14u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1c21       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1ce9
AdobeReso  543 user   15u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1ce9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c1c21
AdobeReso  543 user   16r      REG                1,4     94208             4671349 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/metadata/Synchronizer
AdobeReso  543 user   17r      DIR                1,4        96             4671348 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/metadata
AdobeReso  543 user   18w      REG                1,4      2027             9177987 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Eureka/AcroCoreSync/CreativeCloud/CoreSync/EntitySync-2022-11-03.log
AdobeReso  543 user   19r      CHR               17,1      0t48                 597 /dev/urandom
AdobeReso  543 user   20u      REG                1,4      4096             5146566 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Eureka/AcroCoreSync/Adobe/CoreSync/EntitySync/80ffb555f26771951e1ffdf3f6d9a351.db
AdobeReso  543 user   21u      REG                1,4    267832             5146568 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Eureka/AcroCoreSync/Adobe/CoreSync/EntitySync/80ffb555f26771951e1ffdf3f6d9a351.db-wal
AdobeReso  543 user   22u      REG                1,4     32768             5146569 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Eureka/AcroCoreSync/Adobe/CoreSync/EntitySync/80ffb555f26771951e1ffdf3f6d9a351.db-shm
AdobeReso  543 user   23u      REG                1,4         0             4644408 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/GUDE/sqliteResumeTransfer.db
AdobeReso  543 user   24u     unix 0xecae88c9828c1f41       0t0                     /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/Commands
AdobeReso  543 user   25u      REG                1,4     24576             4671197 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/DesktopNotification/NotificationsDB/notificationsDB
IMRemoteU  544 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
IMRemoteU  544 user  txt       REG                1,4    229392 1152921500312539793 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMFoundation.framework/XPCServices/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent.xpc/Contents/MacOS/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent
IMRemoteU  544 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
IMRemoteU  544 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
IMRemoteU  544 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
IMRemoteU  544 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
IMRemoteU  544 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
IMRemoteU  544 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  544 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  544 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t167                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  544 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
IMRemoteU  544 user    4u    systm 0xecae88d642d72a09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 11]
TeamViewe  545 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       160             4821763 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/MacOS
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4  17053984             4822809 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Helpers/TeamViewer_Desktop
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4    309696             4822550 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVLogging.framework/Versions/A/TVLogging
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4    387120             4822413 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVSystemMonitoring.framework/Versions/A/TVSystemMonitoring
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4    553376             4822115 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Frameworks/TVFoundation.framework/Versions/A/TVFoundation
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4   1338680             4821895 /Applications/TeamViewerHost.app/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
TeamViewe  545 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
TeamViewe  545 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  545 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  545 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TeamViewe  545 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
TeamViewe  545 user    4      PIPE 0x41efb09e14d7b147     16384                     ->0x3cfd86ea58a06494
TeamViewe  545 user    5      PIPE 0x3cfd86ea58a06494     16384                     ->0x41efb09e14d7b147
TeamViewe  545 user    6u     IPv4 0xecae88c982574091       0t0                 TCP localhost:49214->localhost:5940 (ESTABLISHED)
ctkahp     546 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ctkahp     546 user  txt       REG                1,4    458144 1152921500312264014 /System/Library/Frameworks/CryptoTokenKit.framework/ctkahp.bundle/Contents/MacOS/ctkahp
ctkahp     546 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ctkahp     546 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ctkahp     546 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ctkahp     546 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ctkahp     546 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  547 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
IMRemoteU  547 user  txt       REG                1,4    229392 1152921500312539793 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMFoundation.framework/XPCServices/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent.xpc/Contents/MacOS/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent
IMRemoteU  547 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
IMRemoteU  547 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
IMRemoteU  547 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
IMRemoteU  547 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
IMRemoteU  547 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
IMRemoteU  547 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  547 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  547 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t167                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  547 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
IMRemoteU  547 user    4u    systm 0xecae88d642d2c409       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 12]
TextInput  548 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4    144448 1152921500312199542 /System/Library/CoreServices/TextInputSwitcher.app/Contents/MacOS/TextInputSwitcher
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
TextInput  548 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
TextInput  548 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TextInput  548 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
TextInput  548 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
useractiv  550 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
useractiv  550 user  txt       REG                1,4   2178128 1152921500312639825 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UserActivity.framework/Agents/useractivityd
useractiv  550 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
useractiv  550 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
useractiv  550 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
useractiv  550 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
useractiv  550 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
useractiv  550 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
useractiv  550 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
useractiv  550 user    3r      REG                1,4   2178128 1152921500312639825 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UserActivity.framework/Agents/useractivityd
IMDPersis  551 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4    142896 1152921500312539390 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMDPersistence.framework/XPCServices/IMDPersistenceAgent.xpc/Contents/MacOS/IMDPersistenceAgent
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4    143520 1152921500312767235 /usr/lib/xpc/support.bundle/Contents/MacOS/support
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622766 /Users/user/Library/Messages/chat.db-shm
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
IMDPersis  551 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
IMDPersis  551 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMDPersis  551 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMDPersis  551 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMDPersis  551 user    3u      REG                1,4    266240             4622762 /Users/user/Library/Messages/chat.db
IMDPersis  551 user    4u      REG                1,4    560352             4622765 /Users/user/Library/Messages/chat.db-wal
IMDPersis  551 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622766 /Users/user/Library/Messages/chat.db-shm
IMDPersis  551 user    6u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
IMDPersis  551 user    7u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
IMDPersis  551 user    8u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
IMDPersis  551 user    9u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
IMDPersis  551 user   10u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
IMDPersis  551 user   11u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
IMDPersis  551 user   12u      REG                1,4         0             9178414 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.imdpersistence.IMDPersistenceAgent/.LINKS/21D74A11-8509-409F-9D80-417AF854B12C/_LOCK
ACCFinder  552 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4630266 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.adobe.accmac.ACCFinderSync/Data
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4    887456             4558392 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/PlugIns/ACCFinderSync.appex/Contents/MacOS/ACCFinderSync
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4    125044             4558397 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/PlugIns/ACCFinderSync.appex/Contents/Resources/badge_ok.icns
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4    103831             4558398 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/PlugIns/ACCFinderSync.appex/Contents/Resources/badge_working.icns
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4    120651             4558394 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/PlugIns/ACCFinderSync.appex/Contents/Resources/badge_error.icns
ACCFinder  552 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ACCFinder  552 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ACCFinder  552 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ACCFinder  552 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t132                 321 /dev/null
ACCFinder  552 user    3w      REG                1,4       658             9178029 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.adobe.accmac.ACCFinderSync/Data/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/CoreSync/CoreSyncMacExtn552-2022-11-03.log
CalendarW  554 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4625356 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.microsoft.Outlook.CalendarWidget/Data
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4    631552              875467 /Applications/Microsoft Outlook.app/Contents/PlugIns/CalendarWidgetExtension.appex/Contents/MacOS/CalendarWidgetExtension
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4    861968              875383 /Applications/Microsoft Outlook.app/Contents/PlugIns/CalendarWidgetExtension.appex/Contents/Frameworks/mbuinstrument.framework/Versions/A/mbuinstrument
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4   1856432              875403 /Applications/Microsoft Outlook.app/Contents/PlugIns/CalendarWidgetExtension.appex/Contents/Frameworks/CalendarWidgetKit.framework/Versions/A/CalendarWidgetKit
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4    416560              875371 /Applications/Microsoft Outlook.app/Contents/PlugIns/CalendarWidgetExtension.appex/Contents/Frameworks/CalendarWidgetModelKit.framework/Versions/A/CalendarWidgetModelKit
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4   6995968             5891538 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(21284147~).csstore
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CalendarW  554 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CalendarW  554 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarW  554 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarW  554 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
commerce   555 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
commerce   555 user  txt       REG                1,4   4898224 1152921500312482637 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CommerceKit.framework/Versions/A/Resources/commerce
commerce   555 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
commerce   555 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
commerce   555 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
commerce   555 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
commerce   555 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  556 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Categorie  556 user  txt       REG                1,4    232880 1152921500312480553 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Categories.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/CategoriesService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/CategoriesService
Categorie  556 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Categorie  556 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629554 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db-shm
Categorie  556 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Categorie  556 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Categorie  556 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  556 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  556 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  556 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
Categorie  556 user    4u      REG                1,4    573440             4629550 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db
Categorie  556 user    5u      REG                1,4   3102392             4629553 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db-wal
Categorie  556 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4629554 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db-shm
Categorie  556 user    8u      REG                1,4    573440             4629550 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db
Categorie  556 user    9u      REG                1,4   3102392             4629553 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db-wal
mediaremo  557 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
mediaremo  557 user  txt       REG                1,4    144224 1152921500312550352 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/MediaRemote.framework/Support/mediaremoteagent
mediaremo  557 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
mediaremo  557 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
mediaremo  557 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mediaremo  557 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mediaremo  557 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  558 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
IMRemoteU  558 user  txt       REG                1,4    229392 1152921500312539793 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMFoundation.framework/XPCServices/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent.xpc/Contents/MacOS/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent
IMRemoteU  558 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
IMRemoteU  558 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
IMRemoteU  558 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
IMRemoteU  558 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
IMRemoteU  558 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
IMRemoteU  558 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  558 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  558 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t167                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  558 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
IMRemoteU  558 user    5u    systm 0xecae88d6431f4e89       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 13]
familycir  559 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
familycir  559 user  txt       REG                1,4    311856 1152921500312514580 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FamilyCircle.framework/Versions/A/Resources/familycircled
familycir  559 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
familycir  559 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
familycir  559 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
familycir  559 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
familycir  559 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
familycir  559 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ReportCra  561 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ReportCra  561 user  txt       REG                1,4    759392 1152921500312188019 /System/Library/CoreServices/ReportCrash
ReportCra  561 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ReportCra  561 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ReportCra  561 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ReportCra  561 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ReportCra  561 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ReportCra  561 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fmfd       562 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
fmfd       562 user  txt       REG                1,4   1451888 1152921500312773119 /usr/libexec/fmfd
fmfd       562 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
fmfd       562 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
fmfd       562 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
fmfd       562 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
fmfd       562 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fmfd       562 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
fmfd       562 user    2u      CHR                3,2      0t59                 321 /dev/null
fmfd       562 user    3r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
IMRemoteU  563 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
IMRemoteU  563 user  txt       REG                1,4    229392 1152921500312539793 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMFoundation.framework/XPCServices/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent.xpc/Contents/MacOS/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent
IMRemoteU  563 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
IMRemoteU  563 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
IMRemoteU  563 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
IMRemoteU  563 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
IMRemoteU  563 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
IMRemoteU  563 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  563 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  563 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t167                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  563 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
IMRemoteU  563 user    4u     IPv4 0xecae88c982572219       0t0                 TCP 192.168.8.62:49222->192.168.1.205:http (CLOSE_WAIT)
CoreLocat  564 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4    199440 1152921500312148965 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreLocationAgent.app/Contents/MacOS/CoreLocationAgent
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CoreLocat  564 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
CoreLocat  564 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CoreLocat  564 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CoreLocat  564 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe_CCX  565 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4  80391120             4555904 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/libs/Adobe_CCXProcess.node
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4   5294336             4555165 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/@ccx/node-ngl/build/Release/ngllibmanager.node
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    151872             4555153 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/@ccx/node-ProxyResolver/build/Release/ProxyResolverMac.node
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    109952             4555416 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-vulcanjs/build/Release/VulcanControlLib.node
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    304880             4555419 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-vulcanjs/build/Release/VulcanControl.dylib
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4     45152             4555658 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/fs-ext/build/Release/fs-ext.node
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4     56752             4555181 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/@ccx/node-aid/build/Release/aid.node
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    997952             4555415 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-vulcanjs/build/Release/AID.dylib
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    184560             4555417 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-vulcanjs/build/Release/VulcanMessageLib.node
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    451712             4555418 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud Experience/CCXProcess/CCXProcess.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-vulcanjs/build/Release/VulcanMessage5.dylib
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
Adobe_CCX  565 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Adobe_CCX  565 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe_CCX  565 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t134                 321 /dev/null
Adobe_CCX  565 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe_CCX  565 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0
Adobe_CCX  565 user    4      PIPE 0xb5548447c2217a07     16384                     ->0x3f7d626b854fce87
Adobe_CCX  565 user    5      PIPE 0x3f7d626b854fce87     16384                     ->0xb5548447c2217a07
Adobe_CCX  565 user    6      PIPE 0x6831c31f33ad403a     16384                     ->0x719def1410a3e622
Adobe_CCX  565 user    7      PIPE 0x719def1410a3e622     16384                     ->0x6831c31f33ad403a
Adobe_CCX  565 user    8      PIPE 0xf1c1e346e8e97c15     16384                     ->0xfc152fc6f12daedc
Adobe_CCX  565 user    9      PIPE 0xfc152fc6f12daedc     16384                     ->0xf1c1e346e8e97c15
Adobe_CCX  565 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Adobe_CCX  565 user   11      PIPE 0xa442e0ecd6eaddbc     16384                     ->0x9d8b58f4996238e
Adobe_CCX  565 user   12      PIPE  0x9d8b58f4996238e     16384                     ->0xa442e0ecd6eaddbc
Adobe_CCX  565 user   13      PIPE 0xefa549daf585d1cb     16384                     ->0xf0ab413494bfd149
Adobe_CCX  565 user   14      PIPE 0xf0ab413494bfd149     16384                     ->0xefa549daf585d1cb
Adobe_CCX  565 user   15u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Adobe_CCX  565 user   16      PIPE 0x509922ea5d5c5361     16384                     ->0x7361abf6c148efb8
Adobe_CCX  565 user   17      PIPE 0x7361abf6c148efb8     16384                     ->0x509922ea5d5c5361
Adobe_CCX  565 user   18      PIPE 0xa512a6aa6229a582     16384                     ->0x8ba4fdd42aad01c5
Adobe_CCX  565 user   19      PIPE 0x8ba4fdd42aad01c5     16384                     ->0xa512a6aa6229a582
Adobe_CCX  565 user   20u     unix 0xecae88c98081e521       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c2649
Adobe_CCX  565 user   21u     unix 0xecae88c9828c28a1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c2969
Adobe_CCX  565 user   22w      REG                1,4         0             4631566 /Users/user/Library/Caches/Adobe/CCX Welcome/.lockfile
Adobe_CCX  565 user   23w      REG                1,4      2007             4631569 /Users/user/Library/Logs/NGL/NGLClient_CCXProcess14.5.log
Adobe_CCX  565 user   24r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe_CCX  565 user   25u    systm 0xecae88d6431b2d09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 21]
Adobe_CCX  565 user   26   NPOLICY                                                  
Adobe_CCX  565 user   27u    systm 0xecae88d6429fea89       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 24]
Adobe_CCX  565 user   28u     unix 0xecae88c9828c3139       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c3201
neagent    566 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
neagent    566 user  txt       REG                1,4    209552 1152921500312773228 /usr/libexec/neagent
neagent    566 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
neagent    566 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
neagent    566 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
neagent    566 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
neagent    566 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
neagent    566 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
neagent    566 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t256                 321 /dev/null
neagent    566 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2009       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
CalendarW  567 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4626384 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.iCal.CalendarWidgetExtension/Data
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4    140880 1152921500311889803 /System/Applications/Calendar.app/Contents/PlugIns/CalendarWidgetExtension.appex/Contents/MacOS/CalendarWidgetExtension
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   1839336 1152921500312198321 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkGraphite.car
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   1945048 1152921500312198337 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Graphite.car
CalendarW  567 user  txt       REG                1,4   7086080             9182855 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(971dc0c1~).csstore
CalendarW  567 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarW  567 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarW  567 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CalendarW  567 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
CalendarW  567 user    5u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalendarW  567 user    6u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalendarW  567 user    7u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
CalendarW  567 user    8u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalendarW  567 user    9u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalendarW  567 user   10u      REG                1,4         0             9178097 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.iCal.CalendarWidgetExtension/.LINKS/9D3BCBCB-7406-48D6-BA2C-26A8F746A18C/_LOCK
CalendarW  567 user   11u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
CalendarW  567 user   12u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
CalendarW  567 user   13u      REG                1,4         0             9178103 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.iCal.CalendarWidgetExtension/.LINKS/58706901-89E2-42DA-8406-C47C5041E4BE/_LOCK
WorldCloc  568 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4626702 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.mobiletimer.WorldClockWidget/Data
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4    560064 1152921500312145648 /System/Library/CoreServices/Clock.app/Contents/PlugIns/WorldClockWidget.appex/Contents/MacOS/WorldClockWidget
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4     88992 1152921500312145651 /System/Library/CoreServices/Clock.app/Contents/PlugIns/WorldClockWidget.appex/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4   6995968             5891538 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(21284147~).csstore
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4   7086080             9182855 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(971dc0c1~).csstore
WorldCloc  568 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
WorldCloc  568 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WorldCloc  568 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WorldCloc  568 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
StocksWid  569 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4625976 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4    966448 1152921500311954685 /System/Applications/Stocks.app/Contents/PlugIns/StocksWidget.appex/Contents/MacOS/StocksWidget
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629160 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db-shm
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4     49776               74841 /private/var/db/nsurlstoraged/dafsaData.bin
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629148 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/Cache.db-shm
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   6995968             5891538 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(21284147~).csstore
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
StocksWid  569 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
StocksWid  569 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
StocksWid  569 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
StocksWid  569 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t113                 321 /dev/null
StocksWid  569 user    4   NPOLICY                                                  
StocksWid  569 user    5r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
StocksWid  569 user    6u      REG                1,4     28672             4629128 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/cache-database
StocksWid  569 user    7u      REG                1,4     40960             4629129 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/sparkline-database
StocksWid  569 user    8r      DIR                1,4        96             4628658 /Users/user/Library/Group Containers/group.com.apple.stocks/Library/Documents/PrivateData
StocksWid  569 user    9u      REG                1,4         0             4629159 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db-wal
StocksWid  569 user   10u      REG                1,4     49152             4629152 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db
StocksWid  569 user   11u      REG                1,4     32768             4629160 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db-shm
StocksWid  569 user   13u    systm 0xecae88d642b4fe09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 20]
StocksWid  569 user   15r      REG                1,4     49776               74841 /private/var/db/nsurlstoraged/dafsaData.bin
StocksWid  569 user   16u      REG                1,4     49152             4629139 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/Cache.db
StocksWid  569 user   17u      REG                1,4    535632             4629146 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/Cache.db-wal
StocksWid  569 user   18u      REG                1,4     32768             4629148 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/Cache.db-shm
StocksWid  569 user   21u      REG                1,4     49152             4629139 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/Cache.db
StocksWid  569 user   22u      REG                1,4    535632             4629146 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.stocks.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.stocks.widget/Cache.db-wal
NewsToday  570 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4625669 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   1982736 1152921500311922196 /System/Applications/News.app/Contents/PlugIns/NewsToday2.appex/Contents/MacOS/NewsToday2
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4627956 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/Cache.db-shm
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   6995968             5891538 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(21284147~).csstore
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629234 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db-shm
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4    102672 1152921500311922199 /System/Applications/News.app/Contents/PlugIns/NewsToday2.appex/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
NewsToday  570 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
NewsToday  570 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
NewsToday  570 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
NewsToday  570 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
NewsToday  570 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
NewsToday  570 user    4r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
NewsToday  570 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4627956 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/Cache.db-shm
NewsToday  570 user    6u      REG                1,4     49152             4627947 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/Cache.db
NewsToday  570 user    7u      REG                1,4    288432             4627955 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/Cache.db-wal
NewsToday  570 user   10u      REG                1,4     49152             4627947 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/Cache.db
NewsToday  570 user   11u      REG                1,4    288432             4627955 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/Cache.db-wal
NewsToday  570 user   12u      REG                1,4     49152             4629230 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db
NewsToday  570 user   13u      REG                1,4    177192             4629233 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db-wal
NewsToday  570 user   14u      REG                1,4     32768             4629234 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db-shm
NewsToday  570 user   15u    systm 0xecae88d6431f4e09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 19]
NewsToday  570 user   17u      REG                1,4     49152             4629230 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db
NewsToday  570 user   18u      REG                1,4    177192             4629233 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.news.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.news.widget/CK-at-Edge-URL-Cache/Cache.db-wal
ScreenTim  571 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4626485 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4    614768 1152921500312188567 /System/Library/CoreServices/Screen Time.app/Contents/PlugIns/ScreenTimeWidgetExtension.appex/Contents/MacOS/ScreenTimeWidgetExtension
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4     16412             5012140 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/C0F4F70C-A214-34A1-B0D0-30E4960BB899.isdata
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4    626688             5016575 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservices/store.index
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4726334 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Cache.db-shm
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4     16412             5142046 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/2C1ECD6D-60A8-349B-B3BD-8E30E20B810A.isdata
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4726346 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4    188416             4726343 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   6995968             5891538 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(21284147~).csstore
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
ScreenTim  571 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
ScreenTim  571 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScreenTim  571 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScreenTim  571 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScreenTim  571 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4726330 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Cache.db
ScreenTim  571 user    5u      REG                1,4    304912             4726333 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Cache.db-wal
ScreenTim  571 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4726334 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Cache.db-shm
ScreenTim  571 user    7u      REG                1,4     49152             4726330 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Cache.db
ScreenTim  571 user    8u      REG                1,4    304912             4726333 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/Cache.db-wal
ScreenTim  571 user    9r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
ScreenTim  571 user   10r      REG                1,4    118977 1152921500312258533 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_stdlib.metallib
ScreenTim  571 user   11r      REG                1,4    320632 1152921500312258531 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_filters.metallib
ScreenTim  571 user   13u      REG                1,4    188416             4726343 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
ScreenTim  571 user   14u      REG                1,4      1052             9187661 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.list
ScreenTim  571 user   15u      REG                1,4     32768             4726346 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
ScreenTim  571 user   16u      REG                1,4       548             9187662 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.ScreenTimeWidgetApplication.ScreenTimeWidgetExtension/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.list
WeatherWi  572 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4626592 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   1415488 1152921500312145210 /System/Library/CoreServices/ClimateProxy.app/Contents/PlugIns/WeatherWidget.appex/Contents/MacOS/WeatherWidget
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   6995968             5891538 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(21284147~).csstore
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629406 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.weather.widget/Cache.db-shm
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   1839336 1152921500312198321 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkGraphite.car
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   1945048 1152921500312198337 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Graphite.car
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   7086080             9182855 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2(971dc0c1~).csstore
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
WeatherWi  572 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
WeatherWi  572 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WeatherWi  572 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WeatherWi  572 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
WeatherWi  572 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
WeatherWi  572 user    6u    systm 0xecae88d642d2bd09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 18]
WeatherWi  572 user    7r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
WeatherWi  572 user    9u      REG                1,4     49152             4629402 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.weather.widget/Cache.db
WeatherWi  572 user   10u      REG                1,4    329632             4629405 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.weather.widget/Cache.db-wal
WeatherWi  572 user   11u      REG                1,4     32768             4629406 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.weather.widget/Cache.db-shm
WeatherWi  572 user   12u      REG                1,4     49152             4629402 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.weather.widget/Cache.db
WeatherWi  572 user   13u      REG                1,4    329632             4629405 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.weather.widget/Data/Library/Caches/com.apple.weather.widget/Cache.db-wal
CrashHand  577 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
CrashHand  577 user  txt       REG                1,4    891728             5882673 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/CrashHandler
CrashHand  577 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CrashHand  577 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CrashHand  577 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  577 user    1w      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  577 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  577 user    3r      CHR               17,1     0t136                 597 /dev/urandom
triald     578 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4    141904 1152921500312773515 /usr/libexec/triald
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4     45056             4622769 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/aggr_state
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4     41388             4622865 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/log_stores/com.apple.Trial-com.apple.triald
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622966 /Users/user/Library/Trial/v5/Database/triald.db-shm
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
triald     578 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
triald     578 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
triald     578 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
triald     578 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
triald     578 user    3u      REG                1,4    110592             4622957 /Users/user/Library/Trial/v5/Database/triald.db
triald     578 user    4u      REG                1,4     45056             4622769 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/aggr_state
triald     578 user    5u      REG                1,4    618032             4622965 /Users/user/Library/Trial/v5/Database/triald.db-wal
triald     578 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4622966 /Users/user/Library/Trial/v5/Database/triald.db-shm
triald     578 user    7u      REG                1,4     41388             4622865 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/log_stores/com.apple.Trial-com.apple.triald
Categorie  582 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Categorie  582 user  txt       REG                1,4    232880 1152921500312480553 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Categories.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/CategoriesService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/CategoriesService
Categorie  582 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Categorie  582 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Categorie  582 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629554 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db-shm
Categorie  582 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Categorie  582 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Categorie  582 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  582 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  582 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  582 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
Categorie  582 user    4u      REG                1,4    573440             4629550 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db
Categorie  582 user    5u      REG                1,4   3102392             4629553 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db-wal
Categorie  582 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4629554 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ctcategories.service/Cache.db-shm
AdobeIPCB  585 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       576             4999198 /private/tmp
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4   5577968             5880454 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/IPCBox/AdobeIPCBroker.app/Contents/MacOS/AdobeIPCBroker
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4    288160             5880410 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/IPCBox/AdobeIPCBroker.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCrashReporter
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4   1391440             5880432 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/IPCBox/AdobeIPCBroker.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/CrashReporterClient.framework/Versions/A/CrashReporterClient
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5890943 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
AdobeIPCB  585 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
AdobeIPCB  585 user    0w      REG                1,4      9225             5885235 /Users/user/Library/Logs/AdobeVulcan/AdobeIPCBroker.log
AdobeIPCB  585 user    1u     unix 0xecae88c98081e459       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeIPCB  585 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
AdobeIPCB  585 user    4u    systm 0xecae88d6431f5209       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 16]
AdobeIPCB  585 user    5u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2c89       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user    6u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2649       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user    7u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae139       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2711       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c27d9
AdobeIPCB  585 user    9u     unix 0xecae88c9828c27d9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9828c2711
AdobeIPCB  585 user   10u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2969       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae071       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   12u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae2c9       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   13u     unix 0xecae88c9859ad649       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   14u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae459       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   15u     unix 0xecae88c9859abaf1       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   16u     unix 0xecae88c9859ab961       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   17u     unix 0xecae88c9859abc81       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   18u     unix 0xecae88c9859adc89       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   19u     unix 0xecae88c9859ac1f9       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
AdobeIPCB  585 user   20u     unix 0xecae88c9859ac389       0t0                     /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
SafeEject  586 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
SafeEject  586 user  txt       REG                1,4    141616 1152921500312176258 /System/Library/CoreServices/Menu Extras/SafeEjectGPUExtra.menu/Contents/MacOS/SafeEjectGPUAgent
SafeEject  586 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
SafeEject  586 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
SafeEject  586 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafeEject  586 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafeEject  586 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafeEject  587 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
SafeEject  587 user  txt       REG                1,4    176784 1152921500312176469 /System/Library/CoreServices/Menu Extras/SafeEjectGPUExtra.menu/Contents/XPCServices/SafeEjectGPUService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/SafeEjectGPUService
SafeEject  587 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
SafeEject  587 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
SafeEject  587 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
SafeEject  587 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
SafeEject  587 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafeEject  587 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafeEject  587 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t324                 321 /dev/null
UIKitSyst  588 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4    143680 1152921500312201006 /System/Library/CoreServices/UIKitSystem.app/Contents/MacOS/UIKitSystem
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4628694 /Users/user/Library/FrontBoard/applicationState.db-shm
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
UIKitSyst  588 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
UIKitSyst  588 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UIKitSyst  588 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UIKitSyst  588 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UIKitSyst  588 user    3u      REG                1,4      4096             4628691 /Users/user/Library/FrontBoard/applicationState.db
UIKitSyst  588 user    4u      REG                1,4     41232             4628693 /Users/user/Library/FrontBoard/applicationState.db-wal
UIKitSyst  588 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4628694 /Users/user/Library/FrontBoard/applicationState.db-shm
AdobeCRDa  591 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
AdobeCRDa  591 user  txt       REG                1,4    260464             5882663 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCRDaemon.app/Contents/MacOS/AdobeCRDaemon
AdobeCRDa  591 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AdobeCRDa  591 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AdobeCRDa  591 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AdobeCRDa  591 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AdobeCRDa  591 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  591 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  591 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
homed      597 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4    167296 1152921500312536402 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/HomeKitDaemon.framework/Support/homed
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4623125 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore.sqlite-shm
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4623129 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore3.sqlite-shm
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
homed      597 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
homed      597 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
homed      597 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
homed      597 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
homed      597 user    3u      REG                1,4     73728             4623033 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore.sqlite
homed      597 user    4u      REG                1,4     98912             4623124 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore.sqlite-wal
homed      597 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4623125 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore.sqlite-shm
homed      597 user    6u      REG                1,4      4096             4623126 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore3.sqlite
homed      597 user    7u      REG                1,4    440872             4623128 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore3.sqlite-wal
homed      597 user    8u      REG                1,4     32768             4623129 /Users/user/Library/HomeKit/datastore3.sqlite-shm
homed      597 user    9   NPOLICY                                                  
UsageTrac  602 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4629490 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.UsageTrackingAgent/Data
UsageTrac  602 user  txt       REG                1,4    361040 1152921500312639798 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/UsageTracking.framework/Versions/A/UsageTrackingAgent
UsageTrac  602 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
UsageTrac  602 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
UsageTrac  602 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4629583 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.UsageTrackingAgent/Data/Library/Application Support/UsageTrackingAgent/UsageTracking.sqlite-shm
UsageTrac  602 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
UsageTrac  602 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
UsageTrac  602 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UsageTrac  602 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UsageTrac  602 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UsageTrac  602 user    3u      REG                1,4     98304             4629576 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.UsageTrackingAgent/Data/Library/Application Support/UsageTrackingAgent/UsageTracking.sqlite
UsageTrac  602 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             4629582 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.UsageTrackingAgent/Data/Library/Application Support/UsageTrackingAgent/UsageTracking.sqlite-wal
UsageTrac  602 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4629583 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.UsageTrackingAgent/Data/Library/Application Support/UsageTrackingAgent/UsageTracking.sqlite-shm
com.apple  609 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4    160864 1152921500312153291 /System/Library/CoreServices/Dock.app/Contents/XPCServices/com.apple.dock.extra.xpc/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.dock.extra
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4     49152             4631749 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock.extra/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4     16384             4631753 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock.extra/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4    139504 1152921500311890012 /System/Applications/Calendar.app/Contents/Resources/Calendar.docktileplugin/Contents/MacOS/Calendar
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4    263136 1152921500311898823 /System/Applications/FaceTime.app/Contents/PlugIns/FaceTime.docktileplugin/Contents/MacOS/FaceTime
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4    138960 1152921500311879719 /System/Applications/App Store.app/Contents/PlugIns/DockTile.docktileplugin/Contents/MacOS/DockTile
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4     16072 1152921500312479455 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarUIKit.framework/Versions/A/Resources/TextEffects.car
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   1481114 1152921500312479451 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CalendarUIKit.framework/Versions/A/Resources/App-empty.icns
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
com.apple  609 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
com.apple  609 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  609 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  609 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  609 user    3r      REG                1,4    118977 1152921500312258533 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_stdlib.metallib
com.apple  609 user    4r      REG                1,4    320632 1152921500312258531 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_filters.metallib
com.apple  609 user    5r      REG                1,4  13400978 1152921500312277913 /System/Library/Frameworks/MetalPerformanceShaders.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/MPSImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/default.metallib
com.apple  609 user    6u      REG                1,4     49152             4631749 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock.extra/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
com.apple  609 user    7u      REG                1,4       380             9178681 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock.extra/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.list
com.apple  609 user    8u      REG                1,4     16384             4631753 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock.extra/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
com.apple  609 user    9u      REG                1,4       268             9178682 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.dock.extra/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.list
CallHisto  614 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
CallHisto  614 user  txt       REG                1,4    140112 1152921500312480045 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CallHistory.framework/Support/CallHistoryPluginHelper
CallHisto  614 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CallHisto  614 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
CallHisto  614 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4622833 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata-shm
CallHisto  614 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CallHisto  614 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CallHisto  614 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CallHisto  614 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CallHisto  614 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CallHisto  614 user    3u      REG                1,4     73728             4622739 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata
CallHisto  614 user    4u      REG                1,4      8272             4622832 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata-wal
CallHisto  614 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4622833 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/CallHistoryDB/CallHistory.storedata-shm
IMRemoteU  616 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
IMRemoteU  616 user  txt       REG                1,4    229392 1152921500312539793 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/IMFoundation.framework/XPCServices/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent.xpc/Contents/MacOS/IMRemoteURLConnectionAgent
IMRemoteU  616 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
IMRemoteU  616 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
IMRemoteU  616 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  616 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
IMRemoteU  616 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
spindump_  617 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
spindump_  617 user  txt       REG                1,4    179376 1152921500312773465 /usr/libexec/spindump_agent
spindump_  617 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
spindump_  617 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
spindump_  617 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
spindump_  617 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
spindump_  617 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  619 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4   1454608             5882860 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/Frameworks/Adobe CEF Helper (GPU).app/Contents/MacOS/Adobe CEF Helper (GPU)
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4    102400             4639038 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.adobe.acc.HEXHelper.GPU/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4   1845072 1152921500312209332 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Adobe\x20  619 user  txt       REG                1,4 164265488             5880924 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Chromium Embedded Framework
Adobe\x20  619 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  619 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  619 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  619 user    3w      REG                1,4      3227             4631612 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/CEF.log
Adobe\x20  619 user    4r      REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Adobe\x20  619 user    5r      REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user    6r      REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user    7r      REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user    8r      REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user    9r      REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user   10r      REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Adobe\x20  619 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2fa9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Adobe\x20  619 user   12u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Adobe\x20  619 user   13u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Adobe\x20  619 user   14r      CHR               17,1    0t4096                 597 /dev/urandom
Adobe\x20  619 user   16u      REG                1,4    102400             4639038 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.adobe.acc.HEXHelper.GPU/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Adobe\x20  619 user   17u      REG                1,4       492             9183974 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.adobe.acc.HEXHelper.GPU/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.list
VTDecoder  626 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4    121120 1152921500312359600 /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoToolbox.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/VTDecoderXPCService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/VTDecoderXPCService
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4     64816 1152921500312709001 /System/Library/Video/Plug-Ins/AppleGVAVPXDecoder.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleGVAVPXDecoder
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4     58032 1152921500312212328 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4   5589664 1152921500312709025 /System/Library/Video/Plug-Ins/AppleH264SW.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleH264SW
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
VTDecoder  626 user  txt       REG                1,4  26860976 1152921500312212886 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver
VTDecoder  626 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  626 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  626 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  626 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9828c3071       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
com.apple  627 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
com.apple  627 user  txt       REG                1,4    216080 1152921500312243519 /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/HIServices.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/com.apple.hiservices-xpcservice.xpc/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.hiservices-xpcservice
com.apple  627 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
com.apple  627 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
com.apple  627 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  627 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  627 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTEncoder  629 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4    121232 1152921500312359630 /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoToolbox.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/VTEncoderXPCService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/VTEncoderXPCService
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4  26860976 1152921500312212886 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4     58032 1152921500312212328 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME
VTEncoder  629 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
VTEncoder  629 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTEncoder  629 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTEncoder  629 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTEncoder  629 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9828c2ee1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Adobe\x20  630 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    508704             5880481 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ADS/Adobe Desktop Service.app/Contents/MacOS/Adobe Desktop Service
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    260400             5880586 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ADS/Adobe Desktop Service.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCrashReporter
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   4099456             5880783 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/AdobePIM.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   2922384             5880989 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanWrapper.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631731 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeDesktopService/Cache.db-shm
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    675584             5880991 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanControl.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   1391440             5880766 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ADS/Adobe Desktop Service.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/CrashReporterClient.framework/Versions/A/CrashReporterClient
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   2977920             5880782 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/Core.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   2973952             5880990 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/CmdCntr.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    933536             5880988 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanMessage5.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   7614688             5880987 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/AID.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   2744720             5880929 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/LocManager.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   3352576             5880936 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ElevationManager/ElevationManager.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   3470304             5880930 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/PrefsManager.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   3061296             5880928 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/Analytics.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   3818224             5880997 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Notifications/TrayNotificationManager.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   4320976             5881139 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Notifications/ANSClient.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   4710736             5881140 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Notifications/NotificationManager.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   2776784             5881677 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/NHEX/NHEX.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   6018288             5880473 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ADS/ContainerBL.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   4391392             5881003 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Notifications/HomePanelBL.bundle/Contents/MacOS/HomePanelBL
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   7611744             5881990 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/AppsPanel/AppsPanelBL.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppsPanelBL
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   5182128             5881984 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/AppsPanel/AppsPanelIL.dylib
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   4052560             5881763 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/FilesPanel/FilesPanelBL.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FilesPanelBL
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   2530464             5881822 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/FontsPanel/FontsPanelBL.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FontsPanelBL
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4    915932 1152921500312227501 /System/Library/Fonts/Times.ttc
Adobe\x20  630 user  txt       REG                1,4   1845072 1152921500312209332 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver
Adobe\x20  630 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  630 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  630 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  630 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Adobe\x20  630 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4631727 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeDesktopService/Cache.db
Adobe\x20  630 user    5u      REG                1,4    753992             4631730 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeDesktopService/Cache.db-wal
Adobe\x20  630 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4631731 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.acc.AdobeDesktopService/Cache.db-shm
Adobe\x20  630 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
Adobe\x20  630 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c97970f071       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ae139
Adobe\x20  630 user    9w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Adobe\x20  630 user   10w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Adobe\x20  630 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c9859adaf9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Adobe\x20  630 user   12u     IPv4 0xecae88c985354359       0t0                 TCP localhost:15292 (LISTEN)
Adobe\x20  630 user   13w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Adobe\x20  630 user   14w      REG                1,4    300007             4631849 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/AdobeDownload/DLM.log
Adobe\x20  630 user   15u     unix 0xecae88c9859ad581       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ad649
Adobe\x20  630 user   16u    systm 0xecae88d6433e5609       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 27]
Adobe\x20  630 user   19u     unix 0xecae88c9859ab709       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ab7d1
Adobe\x20  630 user   20u     unix 0xecae88c9859ab7d1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ab709
Adobe\x20  630 user   21u      REG                1,4     45056             4631876 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/OOBE/filesync.db
Adobe\x20  630 user   22w      REG                1,4    300007             4631849 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/AdobeDownload/DLM.log
Adobe\x20  630 user   24r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Adobe\x20  630 user   25      PIPE 0x3aa3c0e61ec70ce5     16384                     
Adobe\x20  634 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4    923040             5882870 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/Frameworks/Adobe CEF Helper.app/Contents/MacOS/Adobe CEF Helper
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4    163785             5880894 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Adobe\x20  634 user  txt       REG                1,4 164265488             5880924 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Chromium Embedded Framework
Adobe\x20  634 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  634 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  634 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  634 user    3w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Adobe\x20  634 user    4w      REG                1,4      3227             4631612 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/CEF.log
Adobe\x20  634 user    5r      REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Adobe\x20  634 user    6r      REG                1,4    163785             5880894 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Adobe\x20  634 user    7r      REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user    8r      REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user    9r      REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user   10r      REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user   11r      REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user   12r      REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Adobe\x20  634 user   13u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Adobe\x20  634 user   14u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Adobe\x20  634 user   15r      CHR               17,1    0t4096                 597 /dev/urandom
Adobe\x20  634 user   16      PIPE 0x3d76151a82ed3516     16384                     ->0x9966a00781623300
Adobe\x20  634 user   17      PIPE 0x9966a00781623300     16384                     ->0x3d76151a82ed3516
Adobe\x20  634 user   18u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Adobe\x20  634 user   19r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Adobe\x20  634 user   20r      DIR                1,4      2752             4998276 /private/etc
Adobe\x20  634 user   21r      REG                1,4       213             4998550 /private/etc/hosts
Adobe\x20  634 user   22   NPOLICY                                                  
Adobe\x20  635 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4   1454608             5882880 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud.app/Contents/Frameworks/Adobe CEF Helper (Renderer).app/Contents/MacOS/Adobe CEF Helper (Renderer)
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4    163785             5880894 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4 164265488             5880924 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Chromium Embedded Framework
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4    915932 1152921500312227501 /System/Library/Fonts/Times.ttc
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4   1174864             5883431 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/Extensions/WebFS/native/web-fs.dylib
Adobe\x20  635 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Adobe\x20  635 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  635 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  635 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Adobe\x20  635 user    3w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Adobe\x20  635 user    4w      REG                1,4      3227             4631612 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/CEF.log
Adobe\x20  635 user    5r      REG                1,4  10413552             5880853 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/icudtl.dat
Adobe\x20  635 user    6r      REG                1,4    163785             5880894 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Adobe\x20  635 user    7r      REG                1,4    249205             5880814 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user    8r      REG                1,4   1961940             5880829 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user    9r      REG                1,4    178175             5880854 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_100_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user   10r      REG                1,4    237925             5880867 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_200_percent.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user   11r      REG                1,4   1313244             5880826 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/cef_extensions.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user   12r      REG                1,4   2253450             5880909 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CEF/Chromium Embedded Framework.framework/Resources/devtools_resources.pak
Adobe\x20  635 user   13u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Adobe\x20  635 user   14u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Adobe\x20  635 user   15r      CHR               17,1    0t8192                 597 /dev/urandom
Adobe\x20  635 user   16u      REG                1,4   1203724             9178751 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.com.adobe.acc.AdobeCreativeCloud.Wb6cxN
CrashHand  638 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
CrashHand  638 user  txt       REG                1,4    891728             5880587 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ADS/Adobe Desktop Service.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/CrashHandler
CrashHand  638 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CrashHand  638 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CrashHand  638 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  638 user    1w      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  638 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  638 user    3r      CHR               17,1     0t136                 597 /dev/urandom
AdobeCRDa  641 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
AdobeCRDa  641 user  txt       REG                1,4    260464             5880577 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/ADS/Adobe Desktop Service.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCRDaemon.app/Contents/MacOS/AdobeCRDaemon
AdobeCRDa  641 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AdobeCRDa  641 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AdobeCRDa  641 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AdobeCRDa  641 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AdobeCRDa  641 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  641 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  641 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Creative   642 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4    357056             5882191 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/MacOS/Creative Cloud Helper
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4    260400             5882228 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCrashReporter
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   1391440             5882408 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/CrashReporterClient.framework/Versions/A/CrashReporterClient
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631820 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db-shm
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   2977920             5880782 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/Core.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   4099456             5880783 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/AdobePIM.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4    675584             5880991 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanControl.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4    933536             5880988 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanMessage5.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   2973952             5880990 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/CmdCntr.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   2922384             5880989 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanWrapper.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   7614688             5880987 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/AID.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   3470304             5880930 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/PrefsManager.dylib
Creative   642 user  txt       REG                1,4   6357568             5882041 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/RemoteComponents/RemoteCoreExts/NGLWrapper.dylib
Creative   642 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Creative   642 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
Creative   642 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Creative   642 user    3u      REG                1,4     49152             4631816 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db
Creative   642 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             4631819 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db-wal
Creative   642 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4631820 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db-shm
Creative   642 user    6u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Creative   642 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
Creative   642 user    8w      REG                1,4     56811             4631842 /Users/user/Library/Logs/NGL/NGLClient_CreativeCloud25.1.log
Creative   642 user    9w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Creative   642 user   10w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Creative   642 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae201       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ae2c9
Creative   642 user   12u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae391       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ae459
Creative   642 user   13u    systm 0xecae88d6426bb989       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 26]
Creative   642 user   16u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae521       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ae5e9
Creative   642 user   17u     unix 0xecae88c9859ae5e9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ae521
CrashHand  648 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
CrashHand  648 user  txt       REG                1,4    891728             5882229 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/CrashHandler
CrashHand  648 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CrashHand  648 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CrashHand  648 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  648 user    1w      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  648 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  648 user    3r      CHR               17,1     0t136                 597 /dev/urandom
AdobeCRDa  651 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
AdobeCRDa  651 user  txt       REG                1,4    260464             5882219 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCRDaemon.app/Contents/MacOS/AdobeCRDaemon
AdobeCRDa  651 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AdobeCRDa  651 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AdobeCRDa  651 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AdobeCRDa  651 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AdobeCRDa  651 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  651 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  651 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
findmydev  652 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
findmydev  652 user  txt       REG                1,4    243440 1152921500312768076 /usr/libexec/findmydevice-user-agent
findmydev  652 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
findmydev  652 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
findmydev  652 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
findmydev  652 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
findmydev  652 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
findmydev  652 user    3r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
node       655 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4  73875360             4553254 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/libs/node
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4     45152             4552667 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/js/node_modules/fs-ext/build/Release/fs-ext.node
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4     60512             4551338 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/js/node_modules/fs-xtra/build/Release/fs_xtra.node
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4    132800             4551368 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node_ssl/build/Release/node_ssl.node
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4    151376             4551403 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-ProxyResolver/build/Release/ProxyResolverMac.node
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4    181264             4552464 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-vulcanjs/build/Release/VulcanMessageLib.node
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4   5091744             4552042 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-ngl/build/Release/ngllibmanager.node
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4    451712             4552465 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/CCLibrary.app/Contents/js/node_modules/node-vulcanjs/build/Release/VulcanMessage5.dylib
node       655 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
node       655 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
node       655 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t176                 321 /dev/null
node       655 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
node       655 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0
node       655 user    4      PIPE 0x674ad6fdf25132ac     16384                     ->0x510ee2d8cb428aee
node       655 user    5      PIPE 0x510ee2d8cb428aee     16384                     ->0x674ad6fdf25132ac
node       655 user    6      PIPE 0x89bc4bdc98a259e8     16384                     ->0x6053d7e45ddd5662
node       655 user    7      PIPE 0x6053d7e45ddd5662     16384                     ->0x89bc4bdc98a259e8
node       655 user    8      PIPE 0xccb372c4ac6ff34a     16384                     ->0x471b85a2c6d8c3bb
node       655 user    9      PIPE 0x471b85a2c6d8c3bb     16384                     ->0xccb372c4ac6ff34a
node       655 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
node       655 user   11      PIPE 0x4c5c40178e572e85     16384                     ->0x17808ec1f15e01
node       655 user   12      PIPE   0x17808ec1f15e01     16384                     ->0x4c5c40178e572e85
node       655 user   13      PIPE 0x1e6b2ed15dfaf948     16384                     ->0x809b2d8bc9810c60
node       655 user   14      PIPE 0x809b2d8bc9810c60     16384                     ->0x1e6b2ed15dfaf948
node       655 user   15u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
node       655 user   16      PIPE 0x4aa527fbe1427430     16384                     ->0x802451b3d63e9c0c
node       655 user   17      PIPE 0x802451b3d63e9c0c     16384                     ->0x4aa527fbe1427430
node       655 user   18      PIPE 0x2322644fb83b8983     16384                     ->0x416bf1f4b5c3a189
node       655 user   19      PIPE 0x416bf1f4b5c3a189     16384                     ->0x2322644fb83b8983
node       655 user   20w      REG                1,4         0             4631867 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Creative Cloud Libraries/LIBS/.lockfile
node       655 user   21w      REG                1,4      2983             4631877 /Users/user/Library/Logs/NGL/NGLClient_CCLibrary13.14.log
node       655 user   22u     unix 0xecae88c9859aba29       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859abaf1
node       655 user   23   NPOLICY                                                  
node       655 user   24u     IPv4 0xecae88c9853767f1       0t0                 TCP localhost:45623 (LISTEN)
node       655 user   25u     unix 0xecae88c9859ab899       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ab961
node       655 user   26r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
node       655 user   28u     unix 0xecae88c9859abe11       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859abed9
node       655 user   29u     IPv4 0xecae88c98534f219       0t0                 TCP localhost:49427 (LISTEN)
node       655 user   30u     IPv4 0xecae88c9850437f1       0t0                 TCP localhost:49428 (LISTEN)
node       655 user   32u     IPv4 0xecae88c984e984e1       0t0                 TCP localhost:52899 (LISTEN)
Creative   657 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4    357056             5882191 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/MacOS/Creative Cloud Helper
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4    260400             5882228 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCrashReporter
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   1391440             5882408 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/CrashReporterClient.framework/Versions/A/CrashReporterClient
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631820 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db-shm
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4    675584             5880991 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanControl.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4    933536             5880988 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanMessage5.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   1439376             5881705 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/RemoteComponents/UPI/ExtLib.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   2977920             5880782 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/Core.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   4099456             5880783 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/Core/AdobePIM.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   2973952             5880990 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/CmdCntr.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   2922384             5880989 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/VulcanWrapper.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   7614688             5880987 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/TCC/AID.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   3470304             5880930 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/CoreExt/PrefsManager.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4   3457904             5881704 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/RemoteComponents/UPI/UPI.dylib
Creative   657 user  txt       REG                1,4  13378928             5881713 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/RemoteComponents/UPI/ExManCoreLib/Contents/Frameworks/libExManCoreLibCoreSync64.dylib
Creative   657 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Creative   657 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
Creative   657 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Creative   657 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Creative   657 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4631816 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db
Creative   657 user    5u      REG                1,4         0             4631819 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db-wal
Creative   657 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4631820 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.adobe.ccd.helper/Cache.db-shm
Creative   657 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
Creative   657 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c9859abd49       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Creative   657 user    9w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Creative   657 user   10w      REG                1,4   4201781             4631002 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/ACC.log
Creative   657 user   11u     unix 0xecae88c9859abbb9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859abc81
Creative   657 user   12u     unix 0xecae88c9859adbc1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859adc89
Creative   657 user   13u      REG                1,4         0             9178812 /private/tmp/ExmanProcessMutex
Creative   657 user   14w      REG                1,4    300007             4631849 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/ACC/AdobeDownload/DLM.log
Creative   657 user   15u    systm 0xecae88d6427aa689       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 28]
Creative   657 user   19u     unix 0xecae88c9859add51       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ade19
Creative   657 user   20u     unix 0xecae88c9859ade19       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859add51
CrashHand  659 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
CrashHand  659 user  txt       REG                1,4    891728             5882229 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/CrashHandler
CrashHand  659 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CrashHand  659 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CrashHand  659 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  659 user    1w      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  659 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
CrashHand  659 user    3r      CHR               17,1     0t136                 597 /dev/urandom
AdobeCRDa  662 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       128             5880788 /Library/Application Support/Adobe/Adobe Desktop Common/HEX
AdobeCRDa  662 user  txt       REG                1,4    260464             5882219 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Creative Cloud/ACC/Creative Cloud Helper.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCRDaemon.app/Contents/MacOS/AdobeCRDaemon
AdobeCRDa  662 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AdobeCRDa  662 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AdobeCRDa  662 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AdobeCRDa  662 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AdobeCRDa  662 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  662 user    1u      CHR                3,2     0t330                 321 /dev/null
AdobeCRDa  662 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t7904                 321 /dev/null
Core\x20S  668 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4  52874560             4558383 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/MacOS/Core Sync
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4    358672             4558684 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/Frameworks/VulcanMessage5.dylib
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4    467744             4558501 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/Frameworks/AdobeCrashReporter.framework/Versions/A/AdobeCrashReporter
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4    874749             4558409 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/Resources/CreativeCloudIcons.icns
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   2050854             4558450 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/Resources/creativecloud_folder.icns
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   1380703             4558461 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/Resources/creativecloud_folder_yosemite.icns
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   1997243             4558406 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/Resources/creativecloud_folder_offline.icns
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   1364825             4558439 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSync/Core Sync.app/Contents/Resources/creativecloud_folder_yosemite_offline.icns
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   1330144             4558369 /Applications/Utilities/Adobe Sync/CoreSyncPlugins/LiveType/livetype.framework/Versions/A/livetype
Core\x20S  668 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Core\x20S  668 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Core\x20S  668 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Core\x20S  668 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t170                 321 /dev/null
Core\x20S  668 user    3w      REG                1,4     14969             9178817 /Users/user/Library/Logs/CreativeCloud/CoreSync/CoreSync-2022-11-03.log
Core\x20S  668 user    4u      REG                1,4     28672             4631962 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/CoreSync/GUDE/sqliteResumeTransfer.db
Core\x20S  668 user    5u      REG                1,4     28672             4631969 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/CoreSync/CLOUDNATIVEGUDE/sqliteResumeTransfer.db
Core\x20S  668 user    6u     unix 0xecae88c9859ac131       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ac1f9
Core\x20S  668 user    7u     unix 0xecae88c9859ac2c1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ac389
Core\x20S  668 user    8u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Core\x20S  668 user    9      PIPE 0x610de57c6ef3bfb3     16384                     ->0x5f5aa3a7fec3e7f9
Core\x20S  668 user   10      PIPE 0x5f5aa3a7fec3e7f9     16384                     ->0x610de57c6ef3bfb3
Core\x20S  668 user   11u      REG                1,4     36864             4631978 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/CoreSync/coresync.db
Core\x20S  668 user   12w      REG                1,4      3290             4631984 /Users/user/Library/Logs/NGL/NGLClient_CoreSync14.21.0.14.log
Core\x20S  668 user   13u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Core\x20S  668 user   14      PIPE 0x6a9ccecd3ce68803     16384                     ->0xa2dc931c51bc06e0
Core\x20S  668 user   15      PIPE 0xa2dc931c51bc06e0     16384                     ->0x6a9ccecd3ce68803
Core\x20S  668 user   16r      CHR               17,1      0t32                 597 /dev/urandom
Core\x20S  668 user   17   NPOLICY                                                  
Core\x20S  668 user   18u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Core\x20S  668 user   19      PIPE 0x959fbec12017910d     16384                     ->0xfe7ac23bc547298f
Core\x20S  668 user   20      PIPE 0xfe7ac23bc547298f     16384                     ->0x959fbec12017910d
PlugInLib  673 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
PlugInLib  673 user  txt       REG                1,4    305264 1152921500312278660 /System/Library/Frameworks/NetFS.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/PlugInLibraryService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/PlugInLibraryService
PlugInLib  673 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
PlugInLib  673 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
PlugInLib  673 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
PlugInLib  673 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
PlugInLib  673 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
colorsync  675 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
colorsync  675 user  txt       REG                1,4    198032 1152921500312254869 /System/Library/Frameworks/ColorSync.framework/Support/colorsync.useragent
colorsync  675 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
colorsync  675 user  txt       REG                1,4     81824             4632144 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.colorsync.profiles.503
colorsync  675 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
colorsync  675 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
colorsync  675 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
colorsync  675 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
colorsync  675 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SoftwareU  676 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4    570320 1152921500312621149 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/SoftwareUpdate.framework/Versions/A/Resources/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager.app/Contents/MacOS/SoftwareUpdateNotificationManager
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4   5929340 1152921500312226860 /System/Library/Fonts/HelveticaNeue.ttc
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
SoftwareU  676 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
SoftwareU  676 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SoftwareU  676 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SoftwareU  676 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t261                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  677 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Categorie  677 user  txt       REG                1,4    232880 1152921500312480553 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Categories.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/CategoriesService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/CategoriesService
Categorie  677 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Categorie  677 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Categorie  677 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Categorie  677 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  677 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Categorie  677 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
diagnosti  680 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
diagnosti  680 user  txt       REG                1,4    143120 1152921500312768016 /usr/libexec/diagnosticextensionsd
diagnosti  680 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
diagnosti  680 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
diagnosti  680 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
diagnosti  680 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
diagnosti  680 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
diagnosti  680 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
diagnosti  680 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
diagnosti  680 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Terminal   682 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   2274048 1152921500311988352 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/MacOS/Terminal
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4      4096             5142092 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.Terminal/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4     20480             5142089 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.Terminal/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    110280 1152921500311988384 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-Bold.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    102088 1152921500311988392 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-Light.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    110560 1152921500311988400 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-Regular.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    102584 1152921500311988388 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-Heavy.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    101336 1152921500311988386 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-BoldItalic.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    102004 1152921500311988398 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-MediumItalic.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    102180 1152921500311988402 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-RegularItalic.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    111096 1152921500311988404 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-Semibold.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    102568 1152921500311988406 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-SemiboldItalic.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    111468 1152921500311988396 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-Medium.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4     92112 1152921500311988394 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-LightItalic.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4     91560 1152921500311988390 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Fonts/SF-Mono-HeavyItalic.otf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   3366976 1152921500312198311 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   1649525 1152921500312226850 /System/Library/Fonts/Courier.dfont
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    109700 1152921500312226941 /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Andale Mono.ttf
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    559671 1152921500312226882 /System/Library/Fonts/Monaco.dfont
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   5425091 1152921500312251321 /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/HIToolbox.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Extras2.rsrc
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4      4124             5027011 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/01D9D3F3-A716-3703-B02E-348078081C81.isdata
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    138896 1152921500312266466 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/CloudDocsFileProvider.bundle/Contents/MacOS/CloudDocsFileProvider
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4       858 1152921500311988414 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/IBeamCursor_9x18.tiff
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4      2802 1152921500311988408 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/IBeamCursor_18x36.tiff
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    135784 1152921500311988356 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4      7208 1152921500311988471 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/TabNewButton.tiff
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4      5454 1152921500311988410 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/IBeamCursor_45x90.tiff
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4      7664 1152921500311988412 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/IBeamCursor_90x180.tiff
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4      7540 1152921500311988453 /System/Applications/Utilities/Terminal.app/Contents/Resources/TabAlert.tiff
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    626688             5016575 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.iconservices/store.index
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    262172             5142055 /Library/Caches/com.apple.iconservices.store/CC75F7A8-C327-3EB7-B854-208F6A359753.isdata
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    142480 1152921500312266478 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FileProviderOverride
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4    495696 1152921500312266493 /System/Library/Frameworks/FileProvider.framework/OverrideBundles/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride.bundle/Contents/MacOS/FinderSyncCollaborationFileProviderOverride
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Terminal   682 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Terminal   682 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Terminal   682 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Terminal   682 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Terminal   682 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0xa
Terminal   682 user    4      PIPE 0x2ea02f7b393d1a83     16384                     ->0x398c0346d07a917d
Terminal   682 user    5      PIPE 0x398c0346d07a917d     16384                     ->0x2ea02f7b393d1a83
Terminal   682 user    6      PIPE 0x54ce0c26f2e6968a     16384                     ->0xb1c2ed30eb89025e
Terminal   682 user    7      PIPE 0xb1c2ed30eb89025e     16384                     ->0x54ce0c26f2e6968a
Terminal   682 user    8u      CHR               15,0   0t22493                 590 /dev/ptmx
Terminal   682 user    9r      REG                1,4    118977 1152921500312258533 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_stdlib.metallib
Terminal   682 user   10r      REG                1,4    320632 1152921500312258531 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreImage.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ci_filters.metallib
Terminal   682 user   11u      REG                1,4     74592             9182864 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.apple.Terminal.savedState/data.data
Terminal   682 user   12u      REG                1,4     20480             5142089 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.Terminal/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.data
Terminal   682 user   13u      REG                1,4       156             9182857 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.Terminal/com.apple.metal/31001/libraries.list
Terminal   682 user   14u      REG                1,4      4096             5142092 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.Terminal/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.data
Terminal   682 user   15u      REG                1,4       100             9182858 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.Terminal/com.apple.metal/16777236_6003/functions.list
Terminal   682 user   16w      REG                1,4      5380             9182865 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.apple.Terminal.savedState/windows.plist
Terminal   682 user   17u      REG                1,4     10720             9182866 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.apple.Terminal.savedState/window_1.data
Terminal   682 user   18u      REG                1,4    487888             9182867 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.apple.Terminal.savedState/window_2.data
adprivacy  685 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4    144752 1152921500312767692 /usr/libexec/adprivacyd
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624015 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ap.adprivacyd/Cache.db-shm
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
adprivacy  685 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
adprivacy  685 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
adprivacy  685 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
adprivacy  685 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
adprivacy  685 user    3u      REG                1,4     49152             4623993 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ap.adprivacyd/Cache.db
adprivacy  685 user    4u      REG                1,4    370832             4624014 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ap.adprivacyd/Cache.db-wal
adprivacy  685 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4624015 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ap.adprivacyd/Cache.db-shm
adprivacy  685 user    6   NPOLICY                                                  
adprivacy  685 user    8u      REG                1,4     49152             4623993 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ap.adprivacyd/Cache.db
adprivacy  685 user    9u      REG                1,4    370832             4624014 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.ap.adprivacyd/Cache.db-wal
zsh        686 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
zsh        686 user  txt       REG                1,4   1347856 1152921500312764850 /bin/zsh
zsh        686 user  txt       REG                1,4    138640 1152921500312767301 /usr/lib/zsh/5.8/zsh/terminfo.so
zsh        686 user  txt       REG                1,4    579888 1152921500312767305 /usr/lib/zsh/5.8/zsh/zle.so
zsh        686 user  txt       REG                1,4    138448 1152921500312767289 /usr/lib/zsh/5.8/zsh/regex.so
zsh        686 user  txt       REG                1,4    341920 1152921500312767253 /usr/lib/zsh/5.8/zsh/complete.so
zsh        686 user  txt       REG                1,4    230864 1152921500312767251 /usr/lib/zsh/5.8/zsh/compctl.so
zsh        686 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
zsh        686 user    0u      CHR               16,0    0t5157                 661 /dev/ttys000
zsh        686 user    1u      CHR               16,0    0t5157                 661 /dev/ttys000
zsh        686 user    2u      CHR               16,0    0t5157                 661 /dev/ttys000
zsh        686 user   10u      CHR               16,0   0t17275                 661 /dev/ttys000
mdbulkimp  691 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4   1049232 1152921500312261627 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/Metadata.framework/Versions/A/Support/mdbulkimport
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4    417344 1152921500312352462 /System/Library/Frameworks/Security.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/csparser.bundle/Contents/MacOS/csparser
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
mdbulkimp  691 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
mdbulkimp  691 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mdbulkimp  691 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mdbulkimp  691 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
USBAgent   699 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
USBAgent   699 user  txt       REG                1,4    142544 1152921500312767670 /usr/libexec/USBAgent
USBAgent   699 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
USBAgent   699 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
USBAgent   699 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
USBAgent   699 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     716 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    191312             5100585 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    459056 1152921500312497243 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreNLP.framework/Versions/A/Resources/tokruleLE.data
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    242688 1152921500312504221 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/DataDetectorsCore.framework/Versions/A/Resources/com.apple.datadetectorscore.cache.urlifier.system
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   4194304             5888270 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/BrowserMetrics/BrowserMetrics-63644180-2CC.pma
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    806608             5100457 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Frameworks/KeystoneRegistration.framework/Versions/A/KeystoneRegistration
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    905920 1152921500312260131 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreMediaIO.framework/Versions/A/Resources/VDC.plugin/Contents/MacOS/VDC
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   6296632 1152921500312198317 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/DarkAqua.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    262512             4639141 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/index
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             4639142 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_0
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    270336             4639143 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_1
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             4639144 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_2
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             4639145 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_3
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     16384             4639331 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/heavy_ad_intervention_opt_out.db
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    256848 1152921500312221740 /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle/Contents/MacOS/IOUSBLib
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    273792 1152921500312222221 /System/Library/Extensions/IOUSBHostFamily.kext/Contents/PlugIns/IOUSBLib.bundle/Contents/MacOS/IOUSBLib
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     20480             4639346 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Shortcuts
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     28824 1152921500312597935 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ShareKit.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Assets.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     92160             4639175 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Web Data
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     28672             5161251 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/databases/Databases.db
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     20480             5161220 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Top Sites
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             9182882 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_0
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     40960             4639186 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Login Data For Account
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     40960             4639184 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Login Data
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    270336             9182884 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_1
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             9182887 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_2
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4      8192             9182888 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_3
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     36864             5161179 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/QuotaManager
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     73728             4639245 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Favicons
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    229376             4639166 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/History
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    262512             9182881 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/index
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    142160             5888139 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.32.0/Ruleset Data
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     94208             4639348 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Network Action Predictor
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4     45056             4639228 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_0
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    270336             4639230 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_1
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   1056768             4639231 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_2
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   4202496             4639232 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_3
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   5425091 1152921500312251321 /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/HIToolbox.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Extras2.rsrc
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   3366976 1152921500312198311 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   5305704 1152921500312198345 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantDark.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    262512             4639212 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/index
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    403632 1152921500311948762 /System/Applications/Reminders.app/Contents/PlugIns/RemindersSharingExtension.appex/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    148360 1152921500312517019 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/FinderKit.framework/Versions/A/PlugIns/AirDrop.appex/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   1823984 1152921500311908273 /System/Applications/Mail.app/Contents/PlugIns/MailShareExtension.appex/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
Google     716 user  txt       REG                1,4  27971344 1152921500312778514 /usr/share/langid/langid.inv
Google     716 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     716 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     716 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google     716 user    3r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     716 user    4r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     716 user    5u      REG                1,4   4194304             5888270 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/BrowserMetrics/BrowserMetrics-63644180-2CC.pma
Google     716 user    6r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     716 user    7r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     716 user    8r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     716 user    9r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     716 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     716 user   11u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Google     716 user   12r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     716 user   13r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
Google     716 user   14r      DIR                1,4       192              701025 /Library/Managed Preferences
Google     716 user   15u      REG                1,4    131072             4639273 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Visited Links
Google     716 user   16      PIPE 0x9121e83011db4483     16384                     
Google     716 user   17u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     716 user   18r      CHR               17,1  0t516096                 597 /dev/urandom
Google     716 user   19   NPOLICY                                                  
Google     716 user   20      PIPE 0x1608d56ff2f58476     16384                     
Google     716 user   21      PIPE 0x9bed8b7ce27e8b60     16384                     ->0x25e186aca28ddc8d
Google     716 user   22      PIPE 0x20cec12b44305304     16384                     ->0x117530328622bb6b
Google     716 user   23      PIPE 0x117530328622bb6b     16384                     ->0x20cec12b44305304
Google     716 user   24      PIPE 0x25e186aca28ddc8d     16384                     ->0x9bed8b7ce27e8b60
Google     716 user   25      PIPE 0xb3cc25ec118f0997     16384                     
Google     716 user   26      PIPE  0xea4b3ed7d82a6be     16384                     ->0xb56afc911361a9a4
Google     716 user   27      PIPE 0xb56afc911361a9a4     16384                     ->0xea4b3ed7d82a6be
Google     716 user   28u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Google     716 user   29r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     716 user   30r      DIR                1,4      2752             4998276 /private/etc
Google     716 user   31r      REG                1,4       213             4998550 /private/etc/hosts
Google     716 user   32u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     716 user   33u      REG                1,4    229376             4639166 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/History
Google     716 user   34u      REG                1,4     92160             4639175 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Web Data
Google     716 user   35u      REG                1,4    262512             4639141 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/index
Google     716 user   36u      REG                1,4      8192             4639142 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_0
Google     716 user   37u      REG                1,4    270336             4639143 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_1
Google     716 user   38u      REG                1,4      8192             4639144 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_2
Google     716 user   39u      REG                1,4      8192             4639145 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ShaderCache/GPUCache/data_3
Google     716 user   40u     unix 0xecae88c9859acf41       0t0                     /var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.com.google.Chrome.1mRadU/SingletonSocket
Google     716 user   41w      REG                1,4       353             9182878 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Site Characteristics Database/LOG
Google     716 user   42u      REG                1,4         0             5165259 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Site Characteristics Database/LOCK
Google     716 user   43w      REG                1,4        41             5165260 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Site Characteristics Database/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user   44u     unix 0xecae88c9859acc21       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859acce9
Google     716 user   45u     unix 0xecae88c9859ac9c9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859aca91
Google     716 user   46u     unix 0xecae88c9859aca91       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ac9c9
Google     716 user   47u      REG                1,4     36864             5161179 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/QuotaManager
Google     716 user   48r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google     716 user   49w      REG                1,4       326             9182879 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Sync Data/LevelDB/LOG
Google     716 user   51u      REG                1,4     40960             4639184 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Login Data
Google     716 user   52u      REG                1,4     40960             4639186 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Login Data For Account
Google     716 user   53u      REG                1,4         0             4639189 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Sync Data/LevelDB/LOCK
Google     716 user   54w      REG                1,4        41             4639194 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Sync Data/LevelDB/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user   55w      REG                1,4       784             5165263 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Site Characteristics Database/000003.log
Google     716 user   56w      REG                1,4        46             4639226 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Sync Data/LevelDB/000003.log
Google     716 user   58u      REG                1,4         0             5161180 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/QuotaManager-journal
Google     716 user   59u      REG                1,4     28672             5161251 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/databases/Databases.db
Google     716 user   60u      REG                1,4     73728             4639245 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Favicons
Google     716 user   62u      REG                1,4         0             4639347 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Shortcuts-journal
Google     716 user   63u      REG                1,4         0             4639248 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Favicons-journal
Google     716 user   64u      REG                1,4     20480             5161220 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Top Sites
Google     716 user   65w      REG                1,4      6812             9184012 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_www.youtube.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/LOG
Google     716 user   66u      REG                1,4    262512             9182881 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/index
Google     716 user   67u      REG                1,4      8192             9182882 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_0
Google     716 user   68u      REG                1,4    270336             9182884 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_1
Google     716 user   69u      REG                1,4         0             5161196 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Session Storage/LOCK
Google     716 user   70u      REG                1,4         0             5161197 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/LOCK
Google     716 user   71u      REG                1,4      8192             9182887 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_2
Google     716 user   72u      REG                1,4      8192             9182888 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GPUCache/data_3
Google     716 user   73u      REG                1,4    262512             4639212 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/index
Google     716 user   74u      REG                1,4     45056             4639228 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_0
Google     716 user   75r      REG                1,4    142160             5888139 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.32.0/Ruleset Data
Google     716 user   76u      REG                1,4    270336             4639230 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_1
Google     716 user   77u      REG                1,4   1056768             4639231 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_2
Google     716 user   78u      REG                1,4   4202496             4639232 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/GrShaderCache/GPUCache/data_3
Google     716 user   79w      REG                1,4       322             9182902 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Extension State/LOG
Google     716 user   80u      REG                1,4         0             4639293 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Extension State/LOCK
Google     716 user   81w      REG                1,4        41             4639295 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Extension State/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user   82w      REG                1,4       855             4639304 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Extension State/000003.log
Google     716 user   83w      REG                1,4     66001             9189225 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Sessions/Session_13311991104495081
Google     716 user   84u      REG                1,4      8720             4639196 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/History-journal
Google     716 user   85w      REG                1,4     48977             9182923 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Sessions/Tabs_13311988356038230
Google     716 user   86u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Google     716 user   87      PIPE 0x12adc29805fca644     16384                     
Google     716 user   88u      REG                1,4     16384             4639331 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/heavy_ad_intervention_opt_out.db
Google     716 user   89r      DIR                1,4        96             3452313 /Applications/Google Chrome.app
Google     716 user   90      PIPE 0x9bb6fe4ec46b8d3b     16384                     ->0xc9a9aea806caf033
Google     716 user   91      PIPE 0xc9a9aea806caf033     16384                     ->0x9bb6fe4ec46b8d3b
Google     716 user   92w      REG                1,4         0             9183079 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/data_reduction_proxy_leveldb/000027.log
Google     716 user   93w      REG                1,4       142             9183078 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/data_reduction_proxy_leveldb/LOG
Google     716 user   94u      REG                1,4         0             4639334 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/data_reduction_proxy_leveldb/LOCK
Google     716 user   95w      REG                1,4        50             9183080 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/data_reduction_proxy_leveldb/MANIFEST-000026
Google     716 user   96u      REG                1,4     94208             4639348 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Network Action Predictor
Google     716 user   97      PIPE 0x9d6f303b956549cb     16384                     ->0x975e78b609f97cfa
Google     716 user   98u      REG                1,4     20480             4639346 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Shortcuts
Google     716 user   99      PIPE 0x975e78b609f97cfa     16384                     ->0x9d6f303b956549cb
Google     716 user  100      PIPE 0x2137100c043e0fb3     16384                     ->0x356608cfb6f631ef
Google     716 user  101      PIPE 0x356608cfb6f631ef     16384                     ->0x2137100c043e0fb3
Google     716 user  102w      REG                1,4       332             9183087 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GCM Store/Encryption/LOG
Google     716 user  103u      REG                1,4         0             4639403 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GCM Store/Encryption/LOCK
Google     716 user  104w      REG                1,4        41             4639404 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GCM Store/Encryption/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user  105w      REG                1,4         0             4639414 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/GCM Store/Encryption/000003.log
Google     716 user  106w      REG                1,4       343             9183092 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/metadata/LOG
Google     716 user  107u      REG                1,4         0             4639421 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/metadata/LOCK
Google     716 user  108w      REG                1,4        41             4639422 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/metadata/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user  109w      REG                1,4       992             4639425 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/metadata/000003.log
Google     716 user  110w      REG                1,4       325             9183093 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/LOG
Google     716 user  111u      REG                1,4         0             4639428 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/LOCK
Google     716 user  112w      REG                1,4        41             4639429 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user  113w      REG                1,4     11247             4639431 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/shared_proto_db/000003.log
Google     716 user  114u      REG                1,4     17168             9183299 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.google.Chrome.savedState/data.data
Google     716 user  115w      REG                1,4      4908             9183300 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.google.Chrome.savedState/windows.plist
Google     716 user  116u      REG                1,4     15072             9183301 /Users/user/Library/Saved Application State/com.google.Chrome.savedState/window_2.data
Google     716 user  117u      REG                1,4         0             4639349 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Network Action Predictor-journal
Google     716 user  118r      REG                1,4   3197329             9183506 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ClientSidePhishing/29.0/visual_model.tflite
Google     716 user  119r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
Google     716 user  120r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google     716 user  121r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google     716 user  122u      REG                1,4         0             9184013 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_www.youtube.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/LOCK
Google     716 user  123w      REG                1,4      1397             9184014 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_www.youtube.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user  124r      REG                1,4      9348             9189221 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_www.youtube.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/000017.ldb
Google     716 user  125w      REG                1,4       299             9184046 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Service Worker/Database/LOG
Google     716 user  126u      REG                1,4         0             9184047 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Service Worker/Database/LOCK
Google     716 user  127w      REG                1,4        41             9184048 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Service Worker/Database/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user  128w      REG                1,4      6230             9184063 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Service Worker/Database/000003.log
Google     716 user  129u      REG                1,4         0             4639176 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Web Data-journal
Google     716 user  167u      REG                1,4         0             5161221 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Top Sites-journal
Google     716 user  168w      REG                1,4       359             9188722 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_photos.google.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/LOG
Google     716 user  169u      REG                1,4         0             9188723 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_photos.google.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/LOCK
Google     716 user  170w      REG                1,4     10302             9188742 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_photos.google.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/000003.log
Google     716 user  171w      REG                1,4        41             5888885 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/File System/Origins/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user  172w      REG                1,4       333             9188783 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/File System/Origins/LOG
Google     716 user  173u      REG                1,4         0             5888884 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/File System/Origins/LOCK
Google     716 user  174w      REG                1,4        23             9188724 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_photos.google.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/MANIFEST-000001
Google     716 user  175w      REG                1,4       158             5888887 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/File System/Origins/000003.log
Google     716 user  177r      REG                1,4      6587             9189224 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_www.youtube.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/000020.ldb
Google     716 user  179w      REG                1,4    236428             9189222 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/IndexedDB/https_www.youtube.com_0.indexeddb.leveldb/000018.log
chrome_cr  718 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
chrome_cr  718 user  txt       REG                1,4   1050544             5100463 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/chrome_crashpad_handler
chrome_cr  718 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
chrome_cr  718 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
chrome_cr  718 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
chrome_cr  718 user    1w      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
chrome_cr  718 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google     725 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4    241104             5100474 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper (GPU).app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper (GPU)
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4   1845072 1152921500312209332 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000GLDriver
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     725 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
Google     725 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     725 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     725 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google     725 user    3r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     725 user    4r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     725 user    5r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     725 user    6r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     725 user    7r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     725 user    8u     unix 0xecae88c9859ace79       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Google     725 user    9u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     725 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     725 user   11r      CHR               17,1    0t4096                 597 /dev/urandom
Google     725 user   33      PIPE 0x54ec938d8b189b90     16384                     
Google     726 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4    240576             5100489 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4     36864             4639251 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Cookies
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4     36864             4639311 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Reporting and NEL
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google     726 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     726 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     726 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     726 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google     726 user    3r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     726 user    4r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     726 user    5r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     726 user    6r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     726 user    7r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     726 user    8r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     726 user    9u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     726 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     726 user   11r      CHR               17,1  0t471040                 597 /dev/urandom
Google     726 user   12      PIPE 0x6cf52b114401f050     16384                     ->0x5f60d06e28679873
Google     726 user   13      PIPE 0x5f60d06e28679873     16384                     ->0x6cf52b114401f050
Google     726 user   14u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
Google     726 user   15r      DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     726 user   16r      DIR                1,4      2752             4998276 /private/etc
Google     726 user   17r      REG                1,4       213             4998550 /private/etc/hosts
Google     726 user   18   NPOLICY                                                  
Google     726 user   19u     IPv4 0xecae88c984ae1669       0t0                 TCP localhost:49491->localhost:10011 (ESTABLISHED)
Google     726 user   20u     IPv4 0xecae88c985378669       0t0                 TCP localhost:49492->localhost:10011 (ESTABLISHED)
Google     726 user   21u      REG                1,4     36864             4639251 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Cookies
Google     726 user   24u     IPv4 0xecae88c98958f219       0t0                 TCP localhost:50415->localhost:10011 (ESTABLISHED)
Google     726 user   25u     IPv4 0xecae88c978bd2179       0t0                 UDP 192.168.8.62:54200->209.148.168.112:https
Google     726 user   26u      REG                1,4     36864             4639311 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Reporting and NEL
Google     726 user   27u     IPv4 0xecae88c986ae04e1       0t0                 TCP localhost:49974->localhost:10011 (CLOSED)
Google     726 user   28u     IPv4 0xecae88c984ae3f09       0t0                 TCP localhost:49607->localhost:10011 (CLOSED)
Google     726 user   33      PIPE  0xdfaf0f9cf3cd609     16384                     
Google     726 user   36u     IPv4 0xecae88c978bd47a9       0t0                 UDP 192.168.8.62:49565->yyz12s06-in-f14.1e100.net:https
Google     726 user   38u     IPv4 0xecae88c984bc6931       0t0                 TCP localhost:49608->localhost:10011 (CLOSED)
Google     726 user   39u     IPv4 0xecae88c9850474e1       0t0                 TCP localhost:49609->localhost:10011 (CLOSED)
Google     726 user   43u     IPv4 0xecae88c978692669       0t0                 TCP localhost:50411->localhost:10011 (CLOSE_WAIT)
Google     727 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4    240576             5100489 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     727 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google     727 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     727 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     727 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google     727 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9859acdb1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Google     727 user    4r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     727 user    5r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     727 user    6r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     727 user    7r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     727 user    8r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     727 user    9r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     727 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     727 user   11u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     727 user   12r      CHR               17,1    0t4096                 597 /dev/urandom
Google     727 user   13w      REG                1,4        41             5161199 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/MANIFEST-000001
Google     727 user   14w      REG                1,4     24609             5161209 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/000003.log
Google     727 user   15w      REG                1,4       322             9182893 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Session Storage/LOG
Google     727 user   16w      REG                1,4       334             9182894 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Local Storage/leveldb/LOG
Google     727 user   17w      REG                1,4        41             5161198 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Session Storage/MANIFEST-000001
Google     727 user   19w      REG                1,4     19170             5161208 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Default/Session Storage/000003.log
Google     727 user   33      PIPE 0xa0b2866258664f03     16384                     
VTDecoder  729 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4    121120 1152921500312359600 /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoToolbox.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/VTDecoderXPCService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/VTDecoderXPCService
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4     64816 1152921500312709001 /System/Library/Video/Plug-Ins/AppleGVAVPXDecoder.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleGVAVPXDecoder
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4     58032 1152921500312212328 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4   5589664 1152921500312709025 /System/Library/Video/Plug-Ins/AppleH264SW.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleH264SW
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
VTDecoder  729 user  txt       REG                1,4  26860976 1152921500312212886 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver
VTDecoder  729 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  729 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  729 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTDecoder  729 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9859ad009       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
VTEncoder  732 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4    121232 1152921500312359630 /System/Library/Frameworks/VideoToolbox.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/VTEncoderXPCService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/VTEncoderXPCService
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4     58032 1152921500312212328 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelCFLGraphicsVAME
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4   8598736 1152921500312209430 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AMDRadeonX6000MTLDriver
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4  26860976 1152921500312212886 /System/Library/Extensions/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver.bundle/Contents/MacOS/AppleIntelKBLGraphicsVADriver
VTEncoder  732 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
VTEncoder  732 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTEncoder  732 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTEncoder  732 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
VTEncoder  732 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9859ad0d1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
SafariLau  733 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4    150720             4838910 /Library/Apple/System/Library/CoreServices/SafariSupport.bundle/Contents/MacOS/SafariLaunchAgent
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4    705472             4838183 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/AuthenticationServices.framework/Versions/A/AuthenticationServices
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4  33071328             4834505 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/Safari.framework/Versions/A/Safari
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4   2560768             4837060 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariCore.framework/Versions/A/SafariCore
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4    685360             4837200 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariFoundation.framework/Versions/A/SafariFoundation
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4    209056             4838051 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/AuthenticationServicesCore.framework/Versions/A/AuthenticationServicesCore
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4  37707104             4837739 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebKit.framework/Versions/A/WebKit
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4  49925696             4838655 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/JavaScriptCore.framework/Versions/A/JavaScriptCore
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4   7660592             4834357 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebKitLegacy.framework/Versions/A/WebKitLegacy
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4 111378000             4838603 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebCore.framework/Versions/A/WebCore
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4  22686048             4834259 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/libwebrtc.dylib
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4    100496             4833879 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebInspectorUI.framework/Versions/A/WebInspectorUI
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4  12993136             4837054 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/libANGLE-shared.dylib
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4   2086688             4837601 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebBookmarks.framework/Versions/A/WebBookmarks
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4    684432             4838613 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariServices.framework/Versions/A/SafariServices
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4  10042128             4837346 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariShared.framework/Versions/A/SafariShared
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4   7890544             4837841 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariSharedUI.framework/Versions/A/SafariSharedUI
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4   2910896             4834349 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebInspector.framework/Versions/A/WebInspector
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
SafariLau  733 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
SafariLau  733 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafariLau  733 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafariLau  733 user    2u      CHR                3,2   0t11744                 321 /dev/null
SafariLau  733 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9859ad4b9       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
SafariBoo  789 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4   1808560             4838908 /Library/Apple/System/Library/CoreServices/SafariSupport.bundle/Contents/MacOS/SafariBookmarksSyncAgent
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4   2560768             4837060 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariCore.framework/Versions/A/SafariCore
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4  33071328             4834505 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/Safari.framework/Versions/A/Safari
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4   2086688             4837601 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebBookmarks.framework/Versions/A/WebBookmarks
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4  10042128             4837346 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariShared.framework/Versions/A/SafariShared
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4  49925696             4838655 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/JavaScriptCore.framework/Versions/A/JavaScriptCore
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4    685360             4837200 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariFoundation.framework/Versions/A/SafariFoundation
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4    705472             4838183 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/AuthenticationServices.framework/Versions/A/AuthenticationServices
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4    684432             4838613 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariServices.framework/Versions/A/SafariServices
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4   7890544             4837841 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariSharedUI.framework/Versions/A/SafariSharedUI
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4   2910896             4834349 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebInspector.framework/Versions/A/WebInspector
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4  37707104             4837739 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebKit.framework/Versions/A/WebKit
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4   7660592             4834357 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebKitLegacy.framework/Versions/A/WebKitLegacy
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4 111378000             4838603 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebCore.framework/Versions/A/WebCore
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4  22686048             4834259 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/libwebrtc.dylib
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4    100496             4833879 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/WebInspectorUI.framework/Versions/A/WebInspectorUI
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4  12993136             4837054 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/libANGLE-shared.dylib
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4    209056             4838051 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/AuthenticationServicesCore.framework/Versions/A/AuthenticationServicesCore
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4631805 /Users/user/Library/Safari/CloudTabs.db-shm
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
SafariBoo  789 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
SafariBoo  789 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafariBoo  789 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
SafariBoo  789 user    2u      CHR                3,2   0t11744                 321 /dev/null
SafariBoo  789 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c98081e201       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
SafariBoo  789 user    4u      REG                1,4      4096             4631774 /Users/user/Library/Safari/CloudTabs.db
SafariBoo  789 user    5u      REG                1,4     61832             4631803 /Users/user/Library/Safari/CloudTabs.db-wal
SafariBoo  789 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4631805 /Users/user/Library/Safari/CloudTabs.db-shm
MTLCompil  790 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
MTLCompil  790 user  txt       REG                1,4    165568 1152921500312277853 /System/Library/Frameworks/Metal.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/MTLCompilerService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/MTLCompilerService
MTLCompil  790 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
MTLCompil  790 user  txt       REG                1,4     81152 1152921500312277841 /System/Library/Frameworks/Metal.framework/Versions/A/Resources/MTLRaytracingRuntime.rtlib
MTLCompil  790 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
MTLCompil  790 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
MTLCompil  790 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil  790 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil  790 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     792 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    241136             5100484 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer).app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer)
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    153260 1152921500312227479 /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Verdana Bold.ttf
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4   3197329             9183506 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ClientSidePhishing/29.0/visual_model.tflite
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    915932 1152921500312227501 /System/Library/Fonts/Times.ttc
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    773236 1152921500312226969 /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial.ttf
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4    750984 1152921500312226953 /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial Bold.ttf
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Google     792 user  txt       REG                1,4 216899436 1152921500312226830 /System/Library/Fonts/Apple Color Emoji.ttc
Google     792 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     792 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     792 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google     792 user    3r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     792 user    4r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     792 user    5r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     792 user    6r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     792 user    7r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     792 user    8r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     792 user    9u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     792 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     792 user   11r      CHR               17,1  0t573440                 597 /dev/urandom
Google     792 user   12r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google     792 user   13u      REG                1,4   4904171             9183979 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.com.google.Chrome.z8Ca4a
Google     792 user   14r      REG                1,4   3197329             9183506 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ClientSidePhishing/29.0/visual_model.tflite
Google     792 user   15r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google     792 user   16u     unix 0xecae88c9859ac451       0t0                     ->0xecae88c98081e139
Google     792 user   62      PIPE 0x90b7c3d9b9716447     16384                     
Google     800 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4    240576             5100489 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4   3306960 1152921500312119524 /System/Library/Components/CoreAudio.component/Contents/MacOS/CoreAudio
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google     800 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google     800 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     800 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google     800 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google     800 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c97970e8a1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
Google     800 user    4r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google     800 user    5r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google     800 user    6r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google     800 user    7r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google     800 user    8r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google     800 user    9r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google     800 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     800 user   11u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google     800 user   12r      CHR               17,1    0t4096                 597 /dev/urandom
Google     800 user   13u     unix 0xecae88c98081e139       0t0                     ->0xecae88c9859ac451
Google     800 user  129      PIPE  0xbb8783b6ef0833d     16384                     
AudioComp  801 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
AudioComp  801 user  txt       REG                1,4    138560 1152921500312244961 /System/Library/Frameworks/AudioToolbox.framework/AudioComponentRegistrar
AudioComp  801 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AudioComp  801 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AudioComp  801 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AudioComp  801 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AudioComp  801 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AudioComp  801 user    3u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
AudioComp  801 user    4r      DIR                1,4        64             4622132 /Users/user/Library/Audio/Plug-Ins/Components
AudioComp  801 user    5r      DIR                1,4       160             4622129 /Users/user/Library/Audio/Plug-Ins
AudioComp  801 user    6r      DIR                1,4       160             4622128 /Users/user/Library/Audio
AudioComp  801 user    7r      DIR                1,4      2272             4622113 /Users/user/Library
AudioComp  801 user    8r      DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
AudioComp  801 user    9r      DIR                1,4       288               21511 /Users
AudioComp  801 user   10r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
AudioComp  801 user   11r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
AudioComp  801 user   12r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
AudioComp  801 user   13u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
AudioComp  801 user   14r      DIR                1,4       256 1152921500312117265 /System/Library/Components
AudioComp  801 user   15r      DIR                1,4      4288 1152921500311993981 /System/Library
AudioComp  801 user   16r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
AudioComp  801 user   17u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x8
AudioComp  801 user   18r      DIR                1,4       160             4994456 /Library/Audio/Plug-Ins/Components
AudioComp  801 user   19r      DIR                1,4       224             4994453 /Library/Audio/Plug-Ins
AudioComp  801 user   20r      DIR                1,4       352             4994452 /Library/Audio
AudioComp  801 user   21r      DIR                1,4      2304             4976412 /Library
AudioComp  801 user   22r      DIR                1,4       704 1152921500311879682 /System/Volumes/Data
AudioComp  801 user   23r      DIR                1,4       448 1152921500312709177 /System/Volumes
AudioComp  801 user   24r      DIR                1,4       288 1152921500311879701 /System
CarbonCom  803 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
CarbonCom  803 user  txt       REG                1,4     58288 1152921500312245603 /System/Library/Frameworks/AudioToolbox.framework/XPCServices/CarbonComponentScannerXPC.xpc/Contents/MacOS/CarbonComponentScannerXPC
CarbonCom  803 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
CarbonCom  803 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
CarbonCom  803 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
CarbonCom  803 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CarbonCom  803 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
CarbonCom  803 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  804 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
com.apple  804 user  txt       REG                1,4    179632 1152921500312245654 /System/Library/Frameworks/AudioToolbox.framework/XPCServices/com.apple.audio.SandboxHelper.xpc/Contents/MacOS/com.apple.audio.SandboxHelper
com.apple  804 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
com.apple  804 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  804 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
com.apple  804 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
photoanal  822 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4623211 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.photoanalysisd/Data
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4    167456 1152921500312564659 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/PhotoAnalysis.framework/Versions/A/Support/photoanalysisd
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4841213 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-shm
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4     41916 1152921500312495216 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreEmoji.framework/Versions/A/Resources/emoji.dat
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             5006376 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/private/com.apple.photoanalysisd/caches/graph/CLSContactCache.sqlite-shm
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4    122646 1152921500312495218 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreEmoji.framework/Versions/A/Resources/emojimeta.dat
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4     45056             4622769 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/aggr_state
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
photoanal  822 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
photoanal  822 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
photoanal  822 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
photoanal  822 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t393                 321 /dev/null
photoanal  822 user    3u      REG                1,4   1748992             4841208 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite
photoanal  822 user    4u      REG                1,4    267832             4841212 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-wal
photoanal  822 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4841213 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-shm
photoanal  822 user    6u      REG                1,4         0             9184242 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.photoanalysisd/.LINKS/84477D64-0C81-48F1-BF77-44772A9A5644/_LOCK
photoanal  822 user    7u      REG                1,4     28672             5006371 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/private/com.apple.photoanalysisd/caches/graph/CLSContactCache.sqlite
photoanal  822 user    9u      REG                1,4     32768             5006376 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/private/com.apple.photoanalysisd/caches/graph/CLSContactCache.sqlite-shm
photoanal  822 user   10u      REG                1,4     28672             5006371 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/private/com.apple.photoanalysisd/caches/graph/CLSContactCache.sqlite
photoanal  822 user   11r      DIR                1,4       352             4627983 /Users/user/Library/Caches/GeoServices
photoanal  822 user   12u      REG                1,4     24752             5006375 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/private/com.apple.photoanalysisd/caches/graph/CLSContactCache.sqlite-wal
photoanal  822 user   29u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
photoanal  822 user   30u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
photoanal  822 user   31u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
photoanal  822 user   32u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
photoanal  822 user   33u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
photoanal  822 user   34u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
photoanal  822 user   35u      REG                1,4         0             9184330 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.photoanalysisd/.LINKS/A13FD4FB-3992-40D5-AE0B-B1BAAD5CC6F4/_LOCK
photoanal  822 user   36u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
photoanal  822 user   37u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
photoanal  822 user   38u      REG                1,4         0             9184332 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.photoanalysisd/.LINKS/25567986-5D08-4F10-B715-B33A14DAF29E/_LOCK
photoanal  822 user   39u      REG                1,4     45056             4622769 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.proactive.eventtracker/aggr_state
appstorea  823 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4  10607984 1152921500312466775 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AppStoreDaemon.framework/Support/appstoreagent
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4626934 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeSystem.db-shm
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4626938 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeUser.db-shm
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4626994 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/Cache.db-shm
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4     22809             5160491 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/fsCachedData/E5F0E3B4-3A4C-4D4A-A5EB-DDFB82696058
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
appstorea  823 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
appstorea  823 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
appstorea  823 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
appstorea  823 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
appstorea  823 user    3u      REG                1,4      4096             4626931 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeSystem.db
appstorea  823 user    4u      REG                1,4    296672             4626933 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeSystem.db-wal
appstorea  823 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4626934 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeSystem.db-shm
appstorea  823 user    6u      REG                1,4      4096             4626935 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeUser.db
appstorea  823 user    7u      REG                1,4    259592             4626937 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeUser.db-wal
appstorea  823 user    8u      REG                1,4     32768             4626938 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/storeUser.db-shm
appstorea  823 user    9   NPOLICY                                                  
appstorea  823 user   10u      REG                1,4     49152             4626990 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/Cache.db
appstorea  823 user   11u      REG                1,4    267832             4626993 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/Cache.db-wal
appstorea  823 user   12u      REG                1,4     32768             4626994 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.appstoreagent/Cache.db-shm
ndoagent   824 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ndoagent   824 user  txt       REG                1,4    396064 1152921500312557012 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/NewDeviceOutreach.framework/ndoagent
ndoagent   824 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ndoagent   824 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ndoagent   824 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ndoagent   824 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ndoagent   824 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ndoagent   824 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScopedBoo  825 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
ScopedBoo  825 user  txt       REG                1,4    235056 1152921500312188551 /System/Library/CoreServices/ScopedBookmarkAgent
ScopedBoo  825 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
ScopedBoo  825 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
ScopedBoo  825 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             9178234 /private/var/db/mds/messages/503/se_SecurityMessages
ScopedBoo  825 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
ScopedBoo  825 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
ScopedBoo  825 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScopedBoo  825 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
ScopedBoo  825 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mediaanal  828 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       384             4841318 /Users/user/Library/Containers/com.apple.mediaanalysisd/Data
mediaanal  828 user  txt       REG                1,4   1663440 1152921500312640377 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/VideoProcessing.framework/Versions/A/mediaanalysisd
mediaanal  828 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
mediaanal  828 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
mediaanal  828 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
mediaanal  828 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4841213 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-shm
mediaanal  828 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
mediaanal  828 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mediaanal  828 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mediaanal  828 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mediaanal  828 user    3r      REG                1,4   1748992             4841208 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite
mediaanal  828 user    4r      REG                1,4    267832             4841212 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-wal
mediaanal  828 user    5r      REG                1,4     32768             4841213 /Users/user/Pictures/Photos Library.photoslibrary/database/Photos.sqlite-shm
mediaanal  828 user    6u      REG                1,4         0             9184251 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.mediaanalysisd/.LINKS/94ECF106-F007-4378-B814-8CABD1BB18C6/_LOCK
followupd  850 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
followupd  850 user  txt       REG                1,4    331200 1152921500312496439 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreFollowUp.framework/Versions/A/Support/followupd
followupd  850 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
followupd  850 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
followupd  850 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
followupd  850 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
followupd  850 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
followupd  850 user    3u      REG                1,4     28672             4624795 /Users/user/Library/CoreFollowUp/items.db
PasswordB  851 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
PasswordB  851 user  txt       REG                1,4    168128             4838912 /Library/Apple/System/Library/CoreServices/SafariSupport.bundle/Contents/MacOS/PasswordBreachAgent
PasswordB  851 user  txt       REG                1,4   2560768             4837060 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariCore.framework/Versions/A/SafariCore
PasswordB  851 user  txt       REG                1,4  10042128             4837346 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/SafariShared.framework/Versions/A/SafariShared
PasswordB  851 user  txt       REG                1,4  49925696             4838655 /Library/Apple/System/Library/StagedFrameworks/Safari/JavaScriptCore.framework/Versions/A/JavaScriptCore
PasswordB  851 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
PasswordB  851 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
PasswordB  851 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
PasswordB  851 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
PasswordB  851 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
PasswordB  851 user    2u      CHR                3,2    0t1245                 321 /dev/null
PasswordB  851 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
coreauthd  852 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
coreauthd  852 user  txt       REG                1,4    601040 1152921500312276316 /System/Library/Frameworks/LocalAuthentication.framework/Support/coreauthd
coreauthd  852 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
coreauthd  852 user  txt       REG                1,4    429424 1152921500312275674 /System/Library/Frameworks/LocalAuthentication.framework/Support/ModulePlugins/ModuleACM.bundle/Contents/MacOS/ModuleACM
coreauthd  852 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
coreauthd  852 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
coreauthd  852 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
coreauthd  852 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
coreauthd  852 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
coreauthd  852 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t665                 321 /dev/null
coreauthd  852 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9781b82c1       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
iCloudNot  853 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
iCloudNot  853 user  txt       REG                1,4    346592 1152921500312644755 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/iCloudNotification.framework/iCloudNotificationAgent
iCloudNot  853 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
iCloudNot  853 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4623266 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.iCloudNotificationAgent/Cache.db-shm
iCloudNot  853 user  txt       REG                1,4     11108             5146554 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.iCloudNotificationAgent/fsCachedData/EB0F2827-290F-480C-B999-A0CEA8296274
iCloudNot  853 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
iCloudNot  853 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
iCloudNot  853 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
iCloudNot  853 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
iCloudNot  853 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
iCloudNot  853 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t260                 321 /dev/null
iCloudNot  853 user    3u     unix 0xecae88c9781b8389       0t0                     ->0xecae88c97970c7d1
iCloudNot  853 user    4u      REG                1,4     49152             4623232 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.iCloudNotificationAgent/Cache.db
iCloudNot  853 user    5u      REG                1,4     61832             4623265 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.iCloudNotificationAgent/Cache.db-wal
iCloudNot  853 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4623266 /Users/user/Library/Caches/com.apple.iCloudNotificationAgent/Cache.db-shm
iCloudNot  853 user    7   NPOLICY                                                  
iCloudNot  853 user    8u    systm 0xecae88d6426bbf09       0t0                     [ctl com.apple.netsrc id 6 unit 4]
avatarsd   854 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
avatarsd   854 user  txt       REG                1,4    140848 1152921500312745600 /System/iOSSupport/System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/AvatarUI.framework/Support/avatarsd
avatarsd   854 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
avatarsd   854 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
avatarsd   854 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4623300 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db-shm
avatarsd   854 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
avatarsd   854 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
avatarsd   854 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
avatarsd   854 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
avatarsd   854 user    2u      CHR                3,2   0t10120                 321 /dev/null
avatarsd   854 user    3u      REG                1,4     24576             4623291 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db
avatarsd   854 user    4u      REG                1,4   1079472             4623299 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db-wal
avatarsd   854 user    5u      REG                1,4     32768             4623300 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db-shm
avatarsd   854 user    6u      REG                1,4     24576             4623291 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db
avatarsd   854 user    7u      REG                1,4   1079472             4623299 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db-wal
avatarsd   854 user    8u      REG                1,4     24576             4623291 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db
avatarsd   854 user    9u      REG                1,4   1079472             4623299 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Animoji/CoreDataBackend/avatars.db-wal
DockHelpe 1119 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4    251760 1152921500312152863 /System/Library/CoreServices/Dock.app/Contents/XPCServices/DockHelper.xpc/Contents/MacOS/DockHelper
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4 159658712 1152921500312148911 /System/Library/CoreServices/CoreGlyphs.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   5425091 1152921500312251321 /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/HIToolbox.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Extras2.rsrc
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4     58088 1152921500312226864 /System/Library/Fonts/Keyboard.ttf
DockHelpe 1119 user  txt       REG                1,4   1945048 1152921500312198337 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Graphite.car
DockHelpe 1119 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
DockHelpe 1119 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
DockHelpe 1119 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil 1120 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
MTLCompil 1120 user  txt       REG                1,4    165568 1152921500312277853 /System/Library/Frameworks/Metal.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/MTLCompilerService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/MTLCompilerService
MTLCompil 1120 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
MTLCompil 1120 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
MTLCompil 1120 user  txt       REG                1,4     81152 1152921500312277841 /System/Library/Frameworks/Metal.framework/Versions/A/Resources/MTLRaytracingRuntime.rtlib
MTLCompil 1120 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
MTLCompil 1120 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil 1120 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil 1120 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil 1121 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
MTLCompil 1121 user  txt       REG                1,4    165568 1152921500312277853 /System/Library/Frameworks/Metal.framework/Versions/A/XPCServices/MTLCompilerService.xpc/Contents/MacOS/MTLCompilerService
MTLCompil 1121 user  txt       REG                1,4   3870992 1152921500312209459 /System/Library/Extensions/AMDRadeonX6000Shared.bundle/Contents/Resources/runtime.amdil.builtin
MTLCompil 1121 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
MTLCompil 1121 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil 1121 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
MTLCompil 1121 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UserNotif 1124 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4    262448 1152921500312201867 /System/Library/CoreServices/UserNotificationCenter.app/Contents/MacOS/UserNotificationCenter
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   8285468 1152921500312226916 /System/Library/Fonts/SFNS.ttf
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   3366976 1152921500312198311 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Assets.car
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
UserNotif 1124 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
UserNotif 1124 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UserNotif 1124 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UserNotif 1124 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
UserNotif 1124 user    3r      REG                1,4    215768              413386 /Library/Application Support/CrashReporter/SubmitDiagInfo.domains
studentd  1176 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4   2177744 1152921500312773477 /usr/libexec/studentd
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4     86481             9177379 /private/var/db/analyticsd/events.whitelist
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4    300320 1152921500312169192 /System/Library/CoreServices/ManagedClient.app/Contents/PlugIns/MCXToolsInterface.bundle/Contents/MacOS/MCXToolsInterface
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4    136152 1152921500312198341 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/SystemAppearance.car
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4   6380584 1152921500312198307 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/Aqua.car
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4   1950120 1152921500312198331 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/FauxVibrantLight.car
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
studentd  1176 user  txt       REG                1,4   4746856 1152921500312198353 /System/Library/CoreServices/SystemAppearance.bundle/Contents/Resources/VibrantLight.car
studentd  1176 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
studentd  1176 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
studentd  1176 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
studentd  1176 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
studentd  1176 user    4u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
studentd  1176 user    5u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
studentd  1176 user    6u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
studentd  1176 user    7u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
studentd  1176 user    8u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
studentd  1176 user    9u      REG                1,4      8192             4642954 /Users/user/Library/studentd/Events/LogEvents.db
studentd  1176 user   10u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
studentd  1176 user   12u      REG                1,4         0             9187992 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/com.apple.studentd/.LINKS/8210A200-255F-4C75-AB5B-E8CDFD227E47/_LOCK
progressd 1182 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
progressd 1182 user  txt       REG                1,4   6688784 1152921500312254491 /System/Library/Frameworks/ClassKit.framework/Versions/A/progressd
progressd 1182 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
progressd 1182 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
progressd 1182 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
progressd 1182 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
progressd 1182 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
progressd 1182 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
progressd 1182 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
progressd 1182 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
progressd 1182 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
printtool 1196 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
printtool 1196 user  txt       REG                1,4    304368 1152921500312244323 /System/Library/Frameworks/ApplicationServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/PrintCore.framework/Versions/A/printtool
printtool 1196 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
printtool 1196 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
printtool 1196 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
printtool 1196 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
printtool 1196 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google    1232 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    241136             5100484 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer).app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer)
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4   3197329             9183506 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ClientSidePhishing/29.0/visual_model.tflite
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    915932 1152921500312227501 /System/Library/Fonts/Times.ttc
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4    773236 1152921500312226969 /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial.ttf
Google    1232 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Google    1232 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google    1232 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google    1232 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google    1232 user    3r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google    1232 user    4r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google    1232 user    5r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google    1232 user    6r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google    1232 user    7r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google    1232 user    8r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google    1232 user    9u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google    1232 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google    1232 user   11r      CHR               17,1   0t45056                 597 /dev/urandom
Google    1232 user   12r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google    1232 user   13u      REG                1,4   2909947             9188302 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.com.google.Chrome.asCbIF
Google    1232 user   14r      REG                1,4   3197329             9183506 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ClientSidePhishing/29.0/visual_model.tflite
Google    1232 user   15r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google    1232 user   48      PIPE 0x1f5825421bd21cd8     16384                     
AppleSpel 1354 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4   2555616 1152921500312656798 /System/Library/Services/AppleSpell.service/Contents/MacOS/AppleSpell
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4   1079048 1152921500312372189 /System/Library/Keyboard Layouts/AppleKeyboardLayouts.bundle/Contents/Resources/AppleKeyboardLayouts-L.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    124816             5002248 /System/Library/Caches/com.apple.IntlDataCache.le.kbdx
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     19328             4631897 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/C/com.apple.scriptmanager2.le.cache
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    459056 1152921500312497243 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreNLP.framework/Versions/A/Resources/tokruleLE.data
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     56970 1152921500312545195 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Lexicon.framework/Versions/A/Resources/collator.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4      2964 1152921500312374401 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/en.lm/overrides.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     27936 1152921500312574791 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProofReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/en_CA.lproj/bindict.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     11124 1152921500312374389 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/en.lm/blocklist.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     15444 1152921500312374391 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/en.lm/blocklistidmap.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    926208 1152921500312574779 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProofReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/en.lproj/Dictionary.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4   1212898 1152921500312574781 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProofReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/en.lproj/bindict.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4   1706998 1152921500312374359 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/Unigrams-en.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    821936 1152921500312374361 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/Unigrams-en.idx
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     29056               79933 /System/Library/AssetsV2/com_apple_MobileAsset_LinguisticData/dc4c467a0fffeac78ab819a94e98576bac0c3539.asset/AssetData/en.lm/fst.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    174529 1152921500312374299 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/Delta-en_CA.idx
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    128748 1152921500312574823 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProofReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/gbindict.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    140240 1152921500312008454 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/LocalSource.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/LocalSource
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4   7131136             9188494 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/0/com.apple.LaunchServices.dv/com.apple.LaunchServices-2548-v2.csstore
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4  27971344 1152921500312778514 /usr/share/langid/langid.inv
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    774316 1152921500312374297 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/Delta-en_CA.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    176720 1152921500312008061 /System/Library/Address Book Plug-Ins/DirectoryServices.sourcebundle/Contents/MacOS/DirectoryServices
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    849304               79935 /System/Library/AssetsV2/com_apple_MobileAsset_LinguisticData/dc4c467a0fffeac78ab819a94e98576bac0c3539.asset/AssetData/en.lm/variants.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4     66920 1152921500312374393 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/en.lm/classmodel.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4    300204 1152921500312374399 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/en.lm/montrealidmap.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4  15016236 1152921500312374397 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/en.lm/montreal.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user  txt       REG                1,4  10840627 1152921500312374395 /System/Library/LinguisticData/RequiredAssets_en.bundle/AssetData/en.lm/lm_gram3.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AppleSpel 1354 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
AppleSpel 1354 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t397                 321 /dev/null
AppleSpel 1354 user    3r      REG                1,4    144580 1152921500312251401 /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/HIToolbox.framework/Versions/A/Resources/HIToolbox.rsrc
AppleSpel 1354 user    4r      REG                1,4    490410 1152921500312251300 /System/Library/Frameworks/Carbon.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/HIToolbox.framework/Versions/A/Resources/English.lproj/Localized.rsrc
AppleSpel 1354 user    5r      REG                1,4     56970 1152921500312545195 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/Lexicon.framework/Versions/A/Resources/collator.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user    6r      REG                1,4    926208 1152921500312574779 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/ProofReader.framework/Versions/A/Resources/en.lproj/Dictionary.dat
AppleSpel 1354 user    7u      REG                1,4         0             9177843 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.AddressBookLocks/database.lock
AppleSpel 1354 user    8u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
AppleSpel 1354 user    9u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
AppleSpel 1354 user   10u      REG                1,4     32768             4624050 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-shm
AppleSpel 1354 user   11u      REG                1,4    401408             4623997 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb
AppleSpel 1354 user   12u      REG                1,4    844632             4624049 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/AddressBook/AddressBook-v22.abcddb-wal
AppleSpel 1354 user   13u      REG                1,4         0             9188656 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.LINKS/94E3D72E-63DE-49B8-8DD4-B3185018F860/_LOCK
keyboards 1355 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4    141536 1152921500312773158 /usr/libexec/keyboardservicesd
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4    242128             5842942 /private/var/db/timezone/tz/2021a.3.0/icutz/icutz44l.dat
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4    268144 1152921500312767045 /usr/lib/libobjc-trampolines.dylib
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4     32768             4635430 /Users/user/Library/KeyboardServices/TextReplacements.db-shm
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4     41916 1152921500312495216 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreEmoji.framework/Versions/A/Resources/emoji.dat
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4    122646 1152921500312495218 /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks/CoreEmoji.framework/Versions/A/Resources/emojimeta.dat
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
keyboards 1355 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
keyboards 1355 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
keyboards 1355 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
keyboards 1355 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t151                 321 /dev/null
keyboards 1355 user    3   NPOLICY                                                  
keyboards 1355 user    4u      REG                1,4     53248             4635425 /Users/user/Library/KeyboardServices/TextReplacements.db
keyboards 1355 user    5u      REG                1,4     32992             4635429 /Users/user/Library/KeyboardServices/TextReplacements.db-wal
keyboards 1355 user    6u      REG                1,4     32768             4635430 /Users/user/Library/KeyboardServices/TextReplacements.db-shm
Google    1356 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4    241136             5100484 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer).app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer)
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4   3197329             9183506 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ClientSidePhishing/29.0/visual_model.tflite
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4    915932 1152921500312227501 /System/Library/Fonts/Times.ttc
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4   2356684 1152921500312226858 /System/Library/Fonts/Helvetica.ttc
Google    1356 user  txt       REG                1,4    773236 1152921500312226969 /System/Library/Fonts/Supplemental/Arial.ttf
Google    1356 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google    1356 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google    1356 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google    1356 user    3r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google    1356 user    4r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google    1356 user    5r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google    1356 user    6r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google    1356 user    7r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google    1356 user    8r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google    1356 user    9u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google    1356 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google    1356 user   11r      CHR               17,1  0t155648                 597 /dev/urandom
Google    1356 user   12r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google    1356 user   13u      REG                1,4   1511061             9188668 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.com.google.Chrome.ezAy60
Google    1356 user   14r      REG                1,4   3197329             9183506 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/ClientSidePhishing/29.0/visual_model.tflite
Google    1356 user   15r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google    1356 user  168      PIPE 0x7305e3ef1d0746fd     16384                     
Google    1358 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4    241136             5100484 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Helpers/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer).app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Helper (Renderer)
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4 168453392             5100394 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Google Chrome Framework
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4  32214064 1152921500312778383 /usr/share/icu/icudt66l.dat
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google    1358 user  txt       REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google    1358 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google    1358 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
Google    1358 user    2u      CHR                3,2     0t396                 321 /dev/null
Google    1358 user    3r      REG                1,4  10215904             5100514 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/icudtl.dat
Google    1358 user    4r      REG                1,4    164508             5100520 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/v8_context_snapshot.x86_64.bin
Google    1358 user    5r      REG                1,4    709482             5100512 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_100_percent.pak
Google    1358 user    6r      REG                1,4   1470765             5100513 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/chrome_200_percent.pak
Google    1358 user    7r      REG                1,4    285616             5100530 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/en.lproj/locale.pak
Google    1358 user    8r      REG                1,4   6776429             5100519 /Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/Frameworks/Google Chrome Framework.framework/Versions/93.0.4577.82/Resources/resources.pak
Google    1358 user    9u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google    1358 user   10u   KQUEUE                                                  count=0, state=0x12
Google    1358 user   11r      CHR               17,1    0t4096                 597 /dev/urandom
Google    1358 user   12r      REG                1,4    153944             9183563 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Google/Chrome/Subresource Filter/Indexed Rules/31/9.40.0/Ruleset Data
Google    1358 user   13u      REG                1,4         0             9188706 /private/var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.com.google.Chrome.7qb3Sn
Google    1358 user  168      PIPE 0x60eae2d2a1ae0bf0     16384                     
mdworker_ 1412 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       640                   2 /
mdworker_ 1412 user  txt       REG                1,4   1050000 1152921500312261639 /System/Library/Frameworks/CoreServices.framework/Versions/A/Frameworks/Metadata.framework/Versions/A/Support/mdworker_shared
mdworker_ 1412 user  txt       REG                1,4     36716             9177155 /Library/Preferences/Logging/.plist-cache.hN40tqJ3
mdworker_ 1412 user  txt       REG                1,4   6649560 1152921500312775269 /usr/share/file/magic.mgc
mdworker_ 1412 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
mdworker_ 1412 user    0r      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mdworker_ 1412 user    1u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
mdworker_ 1412 user    2u      CHR                3,2       0t0                 321 /dev/null
lsof      1414 user  cwd       DIR                1,4       608             4622106 /Users/user
lsof      1414 user  txt       REG                1,4    326992 1152921500312773805 /usr/sbin/lsof
lsof      1414 user  txt       REG                1,4   2547856 1152921500312767024 /usr/lib/dyld
lsof      1414 user    0u      CHR               16,0    0t5157                 661 /dev/ttys000
lsof      1414 user    1w      REG               1,14   2893677                7359 /Volumes/Borg/backup_Zorg/sys_profile
lsof      1414 user    2u      CHR               16,0    0t5157                 661 /dev/ttys000
lsof      1414 user    4      PIPE 0x9d27877e5b82ab27     16384                     ->0x16ef207d4b5633b7
lsof      1414 user    5      PIPE 0x1502b6f60c08f19d     16384                     ->0x7a4705a5467862f2
Active Internet connections
Proto Recv-Q Send-Q  Local Address          Foreign Address        (state)    
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50909     ec2-54-211-189-1.https ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50908     ec2-54-211-189-1.https ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50831     usnyc3-vip-bx-00.https ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50830     17.248.190.176.https   ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50507     ec2-54-211-189-1.https ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50351     192.168.1.205.http     CLOSE_WAIT 
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.50105 fe80::aede:48ff:.49154 ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.10011        localhost.49492        ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.49492        localhost.10011        ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.10011        localhost.49491        ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.49491        localhost.10011        ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.49468     17.57.144.138.5223     ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.49415        localhost.10011        CLOSE_WAIT 
tcp4       0      0  localhost.5940         localhost.49404        ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.49404        localhost.5940         ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.49390        localhost.10011        CLOSE_WAIT 
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.49352     us-lax-anx-r008..5938  ESTABLISHED
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49248 fe80::aede:48ff:.49158 ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.49222     192.168.1.205.http     CLOSE_WAIT 
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49216 fe80::aede:48ff:.49167 ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.5940         localhost.49214        ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  localhost.49214        localhost.5940         ESTABLISHED
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49164 fe80::aede:48ff:.49173 ESTABLISHED
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49162 fe80::aede:48ff:.49152 ESTABLISHED
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49161 fe80::aede:48ff:.49159 ESTABLISHED
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49154 fe80::aede:48ff:.49178 ESTABLISHED
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49160 fe80::aede:48ff:.49166 ESTABLISHED
tcp6       0      0  fe80::aede:48ff:.49153 fe80::aede:48ff:.59602 ESTABLISHED
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50901     192.168.1.205.http     TIME_WAIT  
tcp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.50949     192.168.1.205.http     TIME_WAIT  
udp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.58326     cpe00fc8d23d5b3-.https            
udp4       0      0  192.168.8.62.49565     yyz12s06-in-f14..https            
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.63189                *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  localhost.57860        *.*                               
udp46      0      0  *.49207                *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.51119                *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.30096                *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp46      0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
udp6       0      0  *.mdns                 *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.mdns                 *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.netbios-dgm          *.*                               
udp4       0      0  *.netbios-ns           *.*                               
Active Multipath Internet connections
Proto/ID  Flags      Local Address          Foreign Address        (state)    
icm6       0      0  *.*                    *.*                               
Active LOCAL (UNIX) domain sockets
Address          Type   Recv-Q Send-Q            Inode             Conn             Refs          Nextref Addr
ecae88c9859ac771 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac519                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859ac519 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac771                0                0
ecae88c9781b8901 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac839                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859ac839 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9781b8901                0                0
ecae88c9859ac451 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081e139                0                0
ecae88c98081e139 stream      4      0                0 ecae88c9859ac451                0                0
ecae88c9859ac6a9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac5e1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859ac5e1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac6a9                0                0
ecae88c9859ad8a1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859adee1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859adee1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad8a1                0                0
ecae88c97970efa9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970eee1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c97970eee1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970efa9                0                0
ecae88c9859ad261 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad199                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859ad199 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad261                0                0
ecae88c9859acce9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859acc21                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859acc21 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859acce9                0                0
ecae88c9859acf41 stream      0      0 ecae88c98a806a09                0                0                0 /var/folders/n9/qvy8cfl11fbd3v594nrkqhz80000gq/T/.com.google.Chrome.1mRadU/SingletonSocket
ecae88c9859ac901 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac069                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859ac069 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac901                0                0
ecae88c9859abfa1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2e19                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c2e19 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859abfa1                0                0
ecae88c9859ad3f1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad329                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859ad329 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad3f1                0                0
ecae88c9859ac389 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac2c1                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859ac2c1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac389                0                0
ecae88c9859ac1f9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac131                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859ac131 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac1f9                0                0
ecae88c9859abed9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859abe11                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859abe11 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859abed9                0                0
ecae88c9859adc89 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859adbc1                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859adbc1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859adc89                0                0
ecae88c9859abc81 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859abbb9                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859abbb9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859abc81                0                0
ecae88c9859ab961 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ab899                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859ab899 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ab961                0                0
ecae88c9859abaf1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859aba29                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859aba29 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859abaf1                0                0
ecae88c9859ae459 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae391                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859ae391 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae459                0                0
ecae88c9859ad7d9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad711                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9859ad711 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad7d9                0                0
ecae88c9859ad649 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad581                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859ad581 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ad649                0                0
ecae88c9859ae2c9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae201                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859ae201 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae2c9                0                0
ecae88c9859ae071 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859adfa9                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9859adfa9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae071                0                0
ecae88c9859ae139 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970f071                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c97970f071 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae139                0                0
ecae88c9828c3201 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c3139                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c3139 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c3201                0                0
ecae88c9828c2c89 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2581                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9828c2581 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2c89                0                0
ecae88c9828c24b9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2329                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c9828c2329 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c24b9                0                0
ecae88c9828c2969 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c28a1                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9828c28a1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2969                0                0
ecae88c9828c2649 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081e521                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c98081e521 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2649                0                0
ecae88c98081e459 stream      0      0 ecae88c98389f109                0                0                0 /tmp/com.adobe.AdobeIPCBroker.ctrl-user
ecae88c9828c2261 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2199                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c2199 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2261                0                0
ecae88c9828c1e79 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1db1                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c9828c1db1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1e79                0                0
ecae88c9828c1f41 stream      0      0 ecae88c982b92209                0                0                0 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/Commands
ecae88c9828c1b59 stream      0      0 ecae88c982a87d09                0                0                0 /Users/user/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Acrobat/DC/Acrobat/Synchronizer/Notification
ecae88c9828c1a91 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c19c9                0                0
ecae88c9828c19c9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1a91                0                0
ecae88c9828c1901 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c3521                0                0
ecae88c9828c3521 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1901                0                0
ecae88c9828c3459 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c3391                0                0
ecae88c9828c3391 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c3459                0                0
ecae88c9828c0d49 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0bb9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c1839 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0e11                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c0c81 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0af1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c1771 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c15e1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c0bb9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0d49                0                0
ecae88c9828c16a9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1389                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c15e1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1771                0                0
ecae88c9828c0af1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0c81                0                0
ecae88c9828c1519 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c12c1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c0e11 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1839                0                0
ecae88c9828c0a29 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0899                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c1451 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c11f9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c1389 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c16a9                0                0
ecae88c9828c0961 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c07d1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c12c1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1519                0                0
ecae88c9828c11f9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1451                0                0
ecae88c9828c0899 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0a29                0                0
ecae88c9828c07d1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0961                0                0
ecae88c9828c0709 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c35e9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c9828c35e9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0709                0                0
ecae88c9828c0fa1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0ed9                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c9828c0ed9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c9828c0fa1                0                0
ecae88c98081c2c1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c1f9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081c1f9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c2c1                0                0
ecae88c98081c131 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c069                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081c069 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c131                0                0
ecae88c98081bc81 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081bbb9                0                0 /var/run/usbmuxd
ecae88c98081bbb9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081bc81                0                0
ecae88c98081b899 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081b7d1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081b7d1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081b899                0                0
ecae88c98081d8a1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d7d9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081d7d9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d8a1                0                0
ecae88c98081d581 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d4b9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081d4b9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d581                0                0
ecae88c98081d711 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d649                0                0 /var/run/usbmuxd
ecae88c98081d649 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d711                0                0
ecae88c98081d0d1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d009                0                0
ecae88c98081d009 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d0d1                0                0
ecae88c98081cf41 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081ce79                0                0
ecae88c98081ce79 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081cf41                0                0
ecae88c98081cdb1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081cce9                0                0
ecae88c98081cce9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081cdb1                0                0
ecae88c98081cb59 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081ca91                0                0
ecae88c98081ca91 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081cb59                0                0
ecae88c98081e071 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081dfa9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081dfa9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081e071                0                0
ecae88c98081c901 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c839                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081c839 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c901                0                0
ecae88c98081c519 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c451                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c98081c451 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081c519                0                0
ecae88c98081c771 stream      0      0 ecae88c980a68109                0                0                0 /var/tmp/filesystemui.socket
ecae88c98081c6a9 stream      0      0 ecae88c980a68009                0                0                0 /private/tmp/com.apple.launchd.iBHaZTC3bV/Listeners
ecae88c98081dbc1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081daf9                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sau.ipc
ecae88c98081daf9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081dbc1                0                0
ecae88c98081da31 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081d969                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sau.ipc
ecae88c98081d969 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c98081da31                0                0
ecae88c97cb9f451 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9f2c1                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c97cb9f2c1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9f451                0                0
ecae88c97cb9f389 stream      0      0 ecae88c98079ef09                0                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sau.ipc
ecae88c97cb9f1f9 stream      0      0 ecae88c98079ee09                0                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sau.ipcs
ecae88c97cba0261 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0199                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba0199 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0261                0                0
ecae88c97cb9f069 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9e961                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sav.quarantine
ecae88c97cb9e961 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9f069                0                0
ecae88c97cb9e899 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0ee1                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sav.ipc
ecae88c97cba0ee1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9e899                0                0
ecae88c97cba0e19 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0d51                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sav.quarantine
ecae88c97cba0d51 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0e19                0                0
ecae88c97cba0649 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0581                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c97cba0581 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0649                0                0
ecae88c97cba0c89 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0bc1                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba0bc1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0c89                0                0
ecae88c97cba04b9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba03f1                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba03f1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba04b9                0                0
ecae88c97cb9efa1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9eed9                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cb9eed9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9efa1                0                0
ecae88c97cba1521 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9ed49                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cb9ed49 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba1521                0                0
ecae88c97cba0329 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba1459                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba1459 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0329                0                0
ecae88c97cba1071 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0fa9                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba0fa9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba1071                0                0
ecae88c97cba0af9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0a31                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba0a31 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0af9                0                0
ecae88c97cba00d1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba0009                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba0009 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba00d1                0                0
ecae88c97cb9ff41 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9fe79                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cb9fe79 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9ff41                0                0
ecae88c97cb9fce9 stream      0      0 ecae88c97fa6a109                0                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sav.quarantine
ecae88c97cb9fc21 stream      0      0 ecae88c97fa39409                0                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sav.ipcs
ecae88c97cb9f901 stream      0      0 ecae88c97fa39309                0                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.sav.ipc
ecae88c97cb9ebb9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9eaf1                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cb9eaf1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9ebb9                0                0
ecae88c97cba1201 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba1139                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97cba1139 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97cba1201                0                0
ecae88c97970c709 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970f5e9                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c97970f5e9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970c709                0                0
ecae88c97970f521 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970f459                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c97970f459 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970f521                0                0
ecae88c97970f391 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970f2c9                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97970f2c9 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970f391                0                0
ecae88c97970f201 stream      0      0 ecae88c97c4d7d09                0                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics.view
ecae88c97970f139 stream      0      0 ecae88c97c4d7b09                0                0                0 /var/run/com.sophos.diagnostics
ecae88c97970e3f1 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970e329                0                0
ecae88c97970e329 stream      0      0                0 ecae88c97970e3f1                0                0
ecae88c97970d9c9 stream      0      0 ecae88c97a8f5c09                0                0                0 /var/run/pppconfd
ecae88c97970d901 stream      0      0 ecae88c97a405209                0                0                0 /var/run/displaypolicyd/state
ecae88c97970d451 stream      0      0 ecae88c97996c709                0                0                0 /var/run/usbmuxd
ecae88c97970d389 stream      0      0 ecae88c97996ca09                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncalrpc/srvsvc
ecae88c97970d2c1 stream      0      0 ecae88c979967909                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncacn_np/srvsvc
ecae88c97970d1f9 stream      0      0 ecae88c979968609                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncalrpc/wkssvc
ecae88c97970d131 stream      0      0 ecae88c979968509                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncacn_np/wkssvc
ecae88c97970d069 stream      0      0 ecae88c979968409                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncacn_np/mdssvc
ecae88c97970cfa1 stream      0      0 ecae88c979968309                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncalrpc/lsarpc
ecae88c97970ced9 stream      0      0 ecae88c979968209                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncacn_np/lsarpc
ecae88c97970ce11 stream      0      0 ecae88c979968009                0                0                0 /var/run/mDNSResponder
ecae88c97970cd49 stream      0      0 ecae88c979967f09                0                0                0 /var/run/systemkeychaincheck.socket
ecae88c97970cc81 stream      0      0 ecae88c979967e09                0                0                0 /private/var/run/.sim_diagnosticd_socket
ecae88c97970cbb9 stream      0      0 ecae88c979967d09                0                0                0 /var/run/portmap.socket
ecae88c97970caf1 stream      0      0 ecae88c979967c09                0                0                0 /var/run/vpncontrol.sock
ecae88c97970ca29 stream      0      0 ecae88c979967b09                0                0                0 /var/rpc/ncalrpc/NETLOGON
ecae88c97970c961 stream      0      0 ecae88c97995c809                0                0                0 /private/var/run/cupsd
ecae88c9781b7709 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9781b8519
ecae88c9781b8519 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9781b8389
ecae88c9781b8389 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9781b82c1
ecae88c9781b82c1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859ad969
ecae88c9859ad969 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e8a1
ecae88c97970e8a1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081e201
ecae88c98081e201 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859ad4b9
ecae88c9859ad4b9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859ad0d1
ecae88c9859ad0d1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859ad009
ecae88c9859ad009 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859ace79
ecae88c9859ace79 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859acdb1
ecae88c9859acdb1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859acb59
ecae88c9859aca91 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859ac9c9 ecae88c9859ac9c9                0
ecae88c9859ac9c9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859aca91 ecae88c9859aca91                0
ecae88c9859acb59 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859abd49
ecae88c98081d261 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c98081d199 ecae88c98081d199                0
ecae88c98081d199 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c98081d261 ecae88c98081d261                0
ecae88c9859ade19 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859add51 ecae88c9859add51                0
ecae88c9859add51 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859ade19 ecae88c9859ade19                0
ecae88c9859abd49 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859adaf9
ecae88c9859ab7d1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859ab709 ecae88c9859ab709                0
ecae88c9859ab709 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859ab7d1 ecae88c9859ab7d1                0
ecae88c9859ae5e9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae521 ecae88c9859ae521                0
ecae88c9859ae521 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9859ae5e9 ecae88c9859ae5e9                0
ecae88c9859adaf9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9859ada31
ecae88c9859ada31 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9828c2ee1
ecae88c9828c32c9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2d51 ecae88c9828c2d51                0
ecae88c9828c2d51 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c32c9 ecae88c9828c32c9                0
ecae88c9828c2ee1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9828c3071
ecae88c9828c3071 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9828c2fa9
ecae88c9828c2fa9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9828c2bc1
ecae88c9828c2bc1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9828c23f1
ecae88c9828c23f1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9828c20d1
ecae88c9828c2af9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2a31 ecae88c9828c2a31                0
ecae88c9828c2a31 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2af9 ecae88c9828c2af9                0
ecae88c9828c27d9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c2711 ecae88c9828c2711                0
ecae88c9828c2711 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c27d9 ecae88c9828c27d9                0
ecae88c9828c20d1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c9828c2009
ecae88c9828c2009 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081bfa1
ecae88c9828c1ce9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1c21 ecae88c9828c1c21                0
ecae88c9828c1c21 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1ce9 ecae88c9828c1ce9                0
ecae88c9828c1131 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1069 ecae88c9828c1069                0
ecae88c9828c1069 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c9828c1131 ecae88c9828c1131                0
ecae88c98081bfa1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081be11
ecae88c98081be11 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081bd49
ecae88c98081bd49 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081bed9
ecae88c98081bed9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081e391
ecae88c98081b709 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c98081e5e9 ecae88c98081e5e9                0
ecae88c98081e5e9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c98081b709 ecae88c98081b709                0
ecae88c98081e391 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081e2c9
ecae88c98081e2c9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081d3f1
ecae88c98081d3f1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081baf1
ecae88c98081baf1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081cc21
ecae88c98081cc21 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081d329
ecae88c98081d329 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081c389
ecae88c98081c389 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081c9c9
ecae88c98081c9c9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081dee1
ecae88c98081dee1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081c5e1
ecae88c98081c5e1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081ba29
ecae88c98081ba29 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081de19
ecae88c98081de19 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081b961
ecae88c98081b961 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081dd51
ecae88c98081dd51 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c98081dc89
ecae88c98081dc89 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cba08a1
ecae88c97cba08a1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cba0711
ecae88c97cba0711 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9f131
ecae88c97cb9f5e1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9f519 ecae88c97cb9f519                0
ecae88c97cb9f519 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9f5e1 ecae88c97cb9f5e1                0
ecae88c97cb9f131 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cba07d9
ecae88c97cba07d9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9ee11
ecae88c97cb9ee11 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9ec81
ecae88c97cb9ec81 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9fdb1
ecae88c97cb9fdb1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9f771
ecae88c97cb9fb59 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9fa91 ecae88c97cb9fa91                0
ecae88c97cb9fa91 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97cb9fb59 ecae88c97cb9fb59                0
ecae88c97cb9f771 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9e7d1
ecae88c97cb9e7d1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9f9c9
ecae88c97cb9f9c9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9e709
ecae88c97cb9e709 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9ea29
ecae88c97cb9ea29 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cba15e9
ecae88c97cba1391 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97cba12c9 ecae88c97cba12c9                0
ecae88c97cba12c9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97cba1391 ecae88c97cba1391                0
ecae88c97cba15e9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9f839
ecae88c97cb9f839 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cb9f6a9
ecae88c97cb9f6a9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97cba0969
ecae88c97cba0969 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970d519
ecae88c97970d519 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970ee19
ecae88c97970ee19 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970ed51
ecae88c97970ed51 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970ec89
ecae88c97970ec89 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970ebc1
ecae88c97970ebc1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970eaf9
ecae88c97970eaf9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e7d9
ecae88c97970ea31 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970e969 ecae88c97970e969                0
ecae88c97970e969 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970ea31 ecae88c97970ea31                0
ecae88c97970e7d9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e711
ecae88c97970e711 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e649
ecae88c97970e649 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e581
ecae88c97970e581 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e4b9
ecae88c97970e4b9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e261
ecae88c97970e261 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970e199
ecae88c97970e199 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970df41
ecae88c97970e0d1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970e009 ecae88c97970e009                0
ecae88c97970e009 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970e0d1 ecae88c97970e0d1                0
ecae88c97970df41 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970de79
ecae88c97970de79 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970ddb1
ecae88c97970ddb1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970d839
ecae88c97970dce9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970dc21 ecae88c97970dc21                0
ecae88c97970dc21 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970dce9 ecae88c97970dce9                0
ecae88c97970db59 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970da91 ecae88c97970da91                0
ecae88c97970da91 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970db59 ecae88c97970db59                0
ecae88c97970d839 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970d771
ecae88c97970d771 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0 ecae88c97970c899
ecae88c97970d6a9 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970d5e1 ecae88c97970d5e1                0
ecae88c97970d5e1 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970d6a9 ecae88c97970d6a9                0
ecae88c97970c899 dgram       0      0                0 ecae88c97970c7d1                0                0
ecae88c97970c7d1 dgram       0      0 ecae88c979706409                0 ecae88c9781b7709                0 /private//var/run/syslog
Registered kernel control modules
id       flags    pcbcount rcvbuf   sndbuf   name 
       1        9        1   131072   131072 com.apple.flow-divert 
       2        1       15    65536    65536 com.apple.net.netagent 
       3        9        0   524288   524288 com.apple.content-filter 
       4       29        2   524288   524288 com.apple.net.utun_control 
       5       21        0    65536    65536 com.apple.net.ipsec_control 
       6        0       36     8192     2048 com.apple.netsrc 
       7       18        3     8192     2048 com.apple.network.statistics 
       8        5        0     8192    32768 com.apple.network.tcp_ccdebug 
       9        1        0     8192     2048 com.apple.network.advisory 
       a        1        0    16384     2048 com.apple.nke.sockwall 
       b        4        0    65536     2048 com.apple.uart.URT1 
       c        4        0     8192     2048 com.apple.uart.sk.URT1 
       d        4        0    65536     2048 com.apple.uart.BLTH 
       e        4        0     8192     2048 com.apple.uart.sk.BLTH 
       f        0        0     8192     8192 com.apple.fileutil.kext.stateful.ctl 
      10        0        0     8192     2048 com.apple.fileutil.kext.stateless.ctl 
      11        1        0     8192     2048 com.apple.nke.webcontentfilter 
PING 1.1.1.1 (1.1.1.1): 56 data bytes
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=0 ttl=54 time=6.037 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=1 ttl=54 time=6.145 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=2 ttl=54 time=5.954 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=3 ttl=54 time=5.932 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=4 ttl=54 time=5.872 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=5 ttl=54 time=5.606 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=6 ttl=54 time=6.028 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=7 ttl=54 time=5.877 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=8 ttl=54 time=5.905 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=9 ttl=54 time=5.973 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=10 ttl=54 time=6.125 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=11 ttl=54 time=5.938 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=12 ttl=54 time=5.914 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=13 ttl=54 time=5.883 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=14 ttl=54 time=5.918 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=15 ttl=54 time=5.948 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=16 ttl=54 time=5.518 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=17 ttl=54 time=5.845 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=18 ttl=54 time=5.425 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=19 ttl=54 time=5.546 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=20 ttl=54 time=5.454 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=21 ttl=54 time=6.013 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=22 ttl=54 time=6.463 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=23 ttl=54 time=5.560 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=24 ttl=54 time=5.829 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=25 ttl=54 time=5.956 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=26 ttl=54 time=5.557 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=27 ttl=54 time=5.810 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=28 ttl=54 time=6.027 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=29 ttl=54 time=6.239 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=30 ttl=54 time=5.854 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=31 ttl=54 time=5.792 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=32 ttl=54 time=5.927 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=33 ttl=54 time=6.076 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=34 ttl=54 time=5.676 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=35 ttl=54 time=6.113 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=36 ttl=54 time=5.852 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=37 ttl=54 time=5.772 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=38 ttl=54 time=5.375 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=39 ttl=54 time=5.979 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=40 ttl=54 time=5.894 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=41 ttl=54 time=5.834 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=42 ttl=54 time=5.932 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=43 ttl=54 time=5.813 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=44 ttl=54 time=5.862 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=45 ttl=54 time=5.841 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=46 ttl=54 time=5.529 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=47 ttl=54 time=5.859 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=48 ttl=54 time=5.924 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=49 ttl=54 time=5.938 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=50 ttl=54 time=5.873 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=51 ttl=54 time=5.756 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=52 ttl=54 time=5.872 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=53 ttl=54 time=6.023 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=54 ttl=54 time=6.012 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=55 ttl=54 time=5.919 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=56 ttl=54 time=6.023 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=57 ttl=54 time=6.038 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=58 ttl=54 time=5.886 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=59 ttl=54 time=5.460 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=60 ttl=54 time=5.561 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=61 ttl=54 time=5.798 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=62 ttl=54 time=6.004 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=63 ttl=54 time=5.579 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=64 ttl=54 time=5.866 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=65 ttl=54 time=5.877 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=66 ttl=54 time=5.760 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=67 ttl=54 time=5.676 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=68 ttl=54 time=5.769 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=69 ttl=54 time=5.808 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=70 ttl=54 time=5.602 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=71 ttl=54 time=5.905 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=72 ttl=54 time=5.499 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=73 ttl=54 time=10.810 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=74 ttl=54 time=7.986 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=75 ttl=54 time=5.903 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=76 ttl=54 time=5.978 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=77 ttl=54 time=6.066 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=78 ttl=54 time=6.069 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=79 ttl=54 time=5.903 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=80 ttl=54 time=8.894 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=81 ttl=54 time=7.950 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=82 ttl=54 time=5.958 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=83 ttl=54 time=5.565 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=84 ttl=54 time=6.012 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=85 ttl=54 time=5.427 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=86 ttl=54 time=5.911 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=87 ttl=54 time=5.855 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=88 ttl=54 time=5.912 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=89 ttl=54 time=7.066 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=90 ttl=54 time=7.107 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=91 ttl=54 time=5.372 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=92 ttl=54 time=6.040 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=93 ttl=54 time=6.201 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=94 ttl=54 time=10.664 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=95 ttl=54 time=7.908 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=96 ttl=54 time=5.895 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=97 ttl=54 time=6.036 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=98 ttl=54 time=5.890 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=99 ttl=54 time=6.081 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=100 ttl=54 time=5.945 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=101 ttl=54 time=5.970 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=102 ttl=54 time=6.372 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=103 ttl=54 time=10.901 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=104 ttl=54 time=5.921 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=105 ttl=54 time=5.867 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=106 ttl=54 time=5.970 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=107 ttl=54 time=5.798 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=108 ttl=54 time=5.548 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=109 ttl=54 time=13.840 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=110 ttl=54 time=5.538 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=111 ttl=54 time=5.851 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=112 ttl=54 time=6.044 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=113 ttl=54 time=6.085 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=114 ttl=54 time=6.376 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=115 ttl=54 time=6.079 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=116 ttl=54 time=5.878 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=117 ttl=54 time=5.492 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=118 ttl=54 time=5.923 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=119 ttl=54 time=5.882 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=120 ttl=54 time=5.415 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=121 ttl=54 time=5.887 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=122 ttl=54 time=5.892 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=123 ttl=54 time=5.793 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=124 ttl=54 time=21.172 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=125 ttl=54 time=5.900 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=126 ttl=54 time=5.759 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=127 ttl=54 time=5.791 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=128 ttl=54 time=6.005 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=129 ttl=54 time=5.360 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=130 ttl=54 time=5.886 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=131 ttl=54 time=6.790 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=132 ttl=54 time=5.584 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=133 ttl=54 time=9.766 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=134 ttl=54 time=5.950 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=135 ttl=54 time=5.981 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=136 ttl=54 time=5.563 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=137 ttl=54 time=5.905 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=138 ttl=54 time=5.426 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=139 ttl=54 time=5.691 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=140 ttl=54 time=5.877 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=141 ttl=54 time=5.692 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=142 ttl=54 time=5.404 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=143 ttl=54 time=5.880 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=144 ttl=54 time=5.662 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=145 ttl=54 time=5.940 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=146 ttl=54 time=5.735 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=147 ttl=54 time=5.844 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=148 ttl=54 time=5.983 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=149 ttl=54 time=5.905 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=150 ttl=54 time=5.859 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=151 ttl=54 time=5.952 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=152 ttl=54 time=5.834 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=153 ttl=54 time=5.831 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=154 ttl=54 time=5.796 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=155 ttl=54 time=5.796 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=156 ttl=54 time=9.584 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=157 ttl=54 time=5.890 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=158 ttl=54 time=5.881 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=159 ttl=54 time=5.966 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=160 ttl=54 time=5.901 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=161 ttl=54 time=5.806 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=162 ttl=54 time=5.537 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=163 ttl=54 time=5.814 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=164 ttl=54 time=5.417 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=165 ttl=54 time=5.779 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=166 ttl=54 time=5.623 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=167 ttl=54 time=5.546 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=168 ttl=54 time=8.631 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=169 ttl=54 time=5.871 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=170 ttl=54 time=5.915 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=171 ttl=54 time=5.839 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=172 ttl=54 time=5.623 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=173 ttl=54 time=5.863 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=174 ttl=54 time=5.883 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=175 ttl=54 time=5.790 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=176 ttl=54 time=5.893 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=177 ttl=54 time=5.979 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=178 ttl=54 time=6.017 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=179 ttl=54 time=5.915 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=180 ttl=54 time=6.213 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=181 ttl=54 time=5.561 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=182 ttl=54 time=10.383 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=183 ttl=54 time=7.362 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=184 ttl=54 time=5.902 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=185 ttl=54 time=6.052 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=186 ttl=54 time=5.943 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=187 ttl=54 time=5.779 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=188 ttl=54 time=5.821 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=189 ttl=54 time=5.809 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=190 ttl=54 time=5.768 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=191 ttl=54 time=5.815 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=192 ttl=54 time=5.864 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=193 ttl=54 time=5.922 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=194 ttl=54 time=5.431 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=195 ttl=54 time=5.918 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=196 ttl=54 time=5.922 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=197 ttl=54 time=5.729 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=198 ttl=54 time=5.470 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=199 ttl=54 time=5.558 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=200 ttl=54 time=6.087 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=201 ttl=54 time=6.092 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=202 ttl=54 time=5.657 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=203 ttl=54 time=5.907 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=204 ttl=54 time=5.990 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=205 ttl=54 time=5.464 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=206 ttl=54 time=5.900 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=207 ttl=54 time=6.315 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=208 ttl=54 time=6.081 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=209 ttl=54 time=6.510 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=210 ttl=54 time=6.340 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=211 ttl=54 time=10.675 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=212 ttl=54 time=12.333 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=213 ttl=54 time=6.153 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=214 ttl=54 time=5.948 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=215 ttl=54 time=5.677 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=216 ttl=54 time=6.145 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=217 ttl=54 time=5.802 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=218 ttl=54 time=5.351 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=219 ttl=54 time=5.476 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=220 ttl=54 time=5.824 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=221 ttl=54 time=6.260 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=222 ttl=54 time=5.403 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=223 ttl=54 time=5.847 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=224 ttl=54 time=5.839 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=225 ttl=54 time=5.875 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=226 ttl=54 time=6.041 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=227 ttl=54 time=5.859 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=228 ttl=54 time=5.802 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=229 ttl=54 time=5.757 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=230 ttl=54 time=6.109 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=231 ttl=54 time=5.820 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=232 ttl=54 time=6.065 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=233 ttl=54 time=5.854 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=234 ttl=54 time=5.839 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=235 ttl=54 time=5.885 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=236 ttl=54 time=5.897 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=237 ttl=54 time=5.525 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=238 ttl=54 time=5.809 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=239 ttl=54 time=5.959 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=240 ttl=54 time=6.020 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=241 ttl=54 time=5.319 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=242 ttl=54 time=5.905 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=243 ttl=54 time=5.881 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=244 ttl=54 time=5.807 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=245 ttl=54 time=5.974 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=246 ttl=54 time=6.623 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=247 ttl=54 time=13.289 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=248 ttl=54 time=6.017 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=249 ttl=54 time=5.857 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=250 ttl=54 time=5.815 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=251 ttl=54 time=5.995 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=252 ttl=54 time=5.542 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=253 ttl=54 time=6.195 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=254 ttl=54 time=5.977 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=255 ttl=54 time=5.834 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=256 ttl=54 time=5.407 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=257 ttl=54 time=10.473 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=258 ttl=54 time=5.749 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=259 ttl=54 time=6.075 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=260 ttl=54 time=5.434 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=261 ttl=54 time=6.423 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=262 ttl=54 time=5.505 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=263 ttl=54 time=5.697 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=264 ttl=54 time=5.621 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=265 ttl=54 time=5.580 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=266 ttl=54 time=9.455 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=267 ttl=54 time=6.056 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=268 ttl=54 time=5.502 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=269 ttl=54 time=7.567 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=270 ttl=54 time=44.803 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=271 ttl=54 time=10.799 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=272 ttl=54 time=11.875 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=273 ttl=54 time=5.808 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=274 ttl=54 time=6.036 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=275 ttl=54 time=5.815 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=276 ttl=54 time=5.546 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=277 ttl=54 time=5.835 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=278 ttl=54 time=5.673 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=279 ttl=54 time=6.146 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=280 ttl=54 time=5.834 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=281 ttl=54 time=6.068 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=282 ttl=54 time=24.096 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=283 ttl=54 time=5.885 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=284 ttl=54 time=5.795 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=285 ttl=54 time=5.377 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=286 ttl=54 time=5.894 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=287 ttl=54 time=5.509 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=288 ttl=54 time=5.701 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=289 ttl=54 time=5.951 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=290 ttl=54 time=5.780 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=291 ttl=54 time=5.489 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=292 ttl=54 time=5.448 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=293 ttl=54 time=5.787 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=294 ttl=54 time=5.522 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=295 ttl=54 time=5.522 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=296 ttl=54 time=5.428 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=297 ttl=54 time=6.108 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=298 ttl=54 time=5.993 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=299 ttl=54 time=14.041 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=300 ttl=54 time=13.487 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=301 ttl=54 time=14.108 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=302 ttl=54 time=13.605 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=303 ttl=54 time=14.033 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=304 ttl=54 time=5.772 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=305 ttl=54 time=5.833 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=306 ttl=54 time=5.754 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=307 ttl=54 time=5.722 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=308 ttl=54 time=5.548 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=309 ttl=54 time=5.772 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=310 ttl=54 time=5.429 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=311 ttl=54 time=6.369 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=312 ttl=54 time=6.564 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=313 ttl=54 time=5.900 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=314 ttl=54 time=5.841 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=315 ttl=54 time=6.092 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=316 ttl=54 time=5.829 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=317 ttl=54 time=5.892 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=318 ttl=54 time=5.842 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=319 ttl=54 time=6.310 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=320 ttl=54 time=5.984 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=321 ttl=54 time=6.050 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=322 ttl=54 time=5.879 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=323 ttl=54 time=7.182 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=324 ttl=54 time=6.006 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=325 ttl=54 time=5.847 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=326 ttl=54 time=5.777 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=327 ttl=54 time=5.447 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=328 ttl=54 time=5.796 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=329 ttl=54 time=6.349 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=330 ttl=54 time=5.831 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=331 ttl=54 time=5.772 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=332 ttl=54 time=5.975 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=333 ttl=54 time=5.846 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=334 ttl=54 time=7.080 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=335 ttl=54 time=6.194 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=336 ttl=54 time=6.115 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=337 ttl=54 time=5.719 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=338 ttl=54 time=6.487 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=339 ttl=54 time=5.946 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=340 ttl=54 time=5.971 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=341 ttl=54 time=5.932 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=342 ttl=54 time=5.967 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=343 ttl=54 time=5.896 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=344 ttl=54 time=25.435 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=345 ttl=54 time=11.145 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=346 ttl=54 time=5.689 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=347 ttl=54 time=5.986 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=348 ttl=54 time=11.419 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=349 ttl=54 time=5.527 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=350 ttl=54 time=13.329 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=351 ttl=54 time=7.764 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=352 ttl=54 time=13.209 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=353 ttl=54 time=5.809 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=354 ttl=54 time=5.473 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=355 ttl=54 time=6.619 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=356 ttl=54 time=6.443 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=357 ttl=54 time=5.566 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=358 ttl=54 time=5.932 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=359 ttl=54 time=5.855 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=360 ttl=54 time=5.865 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=361 ttl=54 time=5.874 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=362 ttl=54 time=5.492 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=363 ttl=54 time=5.305 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=364 ttl=54 time=5.359 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=365 ttl=54 time=5.774 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=366 ttl=54 time=5.923 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=367 ttl=54 time=6.801 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=368 ttl=54 time=7.106 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=369 ttl=54 time=5.460 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=370 ttl=54 time=6.057 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=371 ttl=54 time=5.795 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=372 ttl=54 time=5.933 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=373 ttl=54 time=5.831 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=374 ttl=54 time=11.294 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=375 ttl=54 time=8.395 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=376 ttl=54 time=6.466 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=377 ttl=54 time=8.487 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=378 ttl=54 time=27.896 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=379 ttl=54 time=5.921 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=380 ttl=54 time=5.543 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=381 ttl=54 time=5.873 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=382 ttl=54 time=6.335 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=383 ttl=54 time=5.459 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=384 ttl=54 time=6.160 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=385 ttl=54 time=5.775 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=386 ttl=54 time=5.965 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=387 ttl=54 time=7.948 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=388 ttl=54 time=6.555 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=389 ttl=54 time=5.990 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=390 ttl=54 time=5.504 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=391 ttl=54 time=5.983 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=392 ttl=54 time=5.461 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=393 ttl=54 time=5.928 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=394 ttl=54 time=5.821 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=395 ttl=54 time=5.878 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=396 ttl=54 time=5.522 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=397 ttl=54 time=9.243 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=398 ttl=54 time=5.948 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=399 ttl=54 time=6.072 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=400 ttl=54 time=5.855 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=401 ttl=54 time=5.761 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=402 ttl=54 time=5.820 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=403 ttl=54 time=5.799 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=404 ttl=54 time=6.303 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=405 ttl=54 time=5.851 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=406 ttl=54 time=5.863 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=407 ttl=54 time=32.435 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=408 ttl=54 time=6.490 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=409 ttl=54 time=6.376 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=410 ttl=54 time=5.611 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=411 ttl=54 time=5.619 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=412 ttl=54 time=5.950 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=413 ttl=54 time=6.238 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=414 ttl=54 time=5.923 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=415 ttl=54 time=5.534 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=416 ttl=54 time=5.469 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=417 ttl=54 time=5.967 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=418 ttl=54 time=5.638 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=419 ttl=54 time=5.836 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=420 ttl=54 time=5.918 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=421 ttl=54 time=5.853 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=422 ttl=54 time=11.448 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=423 ttl=54 time=13.756 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=424 ttl=54 time=13.505 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=425 ttl=54 time=5.462 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=426 ttl=54 time=5.883 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=427 ttl=54 time=6.416 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=428 ttl=54 time=7.317 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=429 ttl=54 time=5.619 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=430 ttl=54 time=5.869 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=431 ttl=54 time=7.174 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=432 ttl=54 time=5.441 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=433 ttl=54 time=5.930 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=434 ttl=54 time=5.730 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=435 ttl=54 time=7.081 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=436 ttl=54 time=6.396 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=437 ttl=54 time=7.060 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=438 ttl=54 time=6.109 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=439 ttl=54 time=5.499 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=440 ttl=54 time=5.558 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=441 ttl=54 time=5.961 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=442 ttl=54 time=6.003 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=443 ttl=54 time=5.997 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=444 ttl=54 time=5.753 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=445 ttl=54 time=5.976 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=446 ttl=54 time=6.089 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=447 ttl=54 time=5.454 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=448 ttl=54 time=5.918 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=449 ttl=54 time=5.946 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=450 ttl=54 time=5.803 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=451 ttl=54 time=5.749 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=452 ttl=54 time=5.507 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=453 ttl=54 time=7.416 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=454 ttl=54 time=7.182 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=455 ttl=54 time=6.062 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=456 ttl=54 time=7.951 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=457 ttl=54 time=5.987 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=458 ttl=54 time=7.596 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=459 ttl=54 time=5.966 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=460 ttl=54 time=5.861 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=461 ttl=54 time=13.525 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=462 ttl=54 time=12.405 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=463 ttl=54 time=13.964 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=464 ttl=54 time=5.927 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=465 ttl=54 time=5.947 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=466 ttl=54 time=5.766 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=467 ttl=54 time=5.927 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=468 ttl=54 time=5.477 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=469 ttl=54 time=6.035 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=470 ttl=54 time=5.616 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=471 ttl=54 time=5.890 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=472 ttl=54 time=5.761 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=473 ttl=54 time=5.473 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=474 ttl=54 time=5.971 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=475 ttl=54 time=5.873 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=476 ttl=54 time=6.429 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=477 ttl=54 time=5.947 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=478 ttl=54 time=6.044 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=479 ttl=54 time=6.042 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=480 ttl=54 time=6.180 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=481 ttl=54 time=5.630 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=482 ttl=54 time=5.951 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=483 ttl=54 time=10.591 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=484 ttl=54 time=5.673 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=485 ttl=54 time=6.041 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=486 ttl=54 time=5.534 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=487 ttl=54 time=6.030 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=488 ttl=54 time=5.980 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=489 ttl=54 time=5.937 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=490 ttl=54 time=33.308 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=491 ttl=54 time=5.509 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=492 ttl=54 time=5.616 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=493 ttl=54 time=5.877 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=494 ttl=54 time=5.989 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=495 ttl=54 time=13.827 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=496 ttl=54 time=6.021 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=497 ttl=54 time=5.927 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=498 ttl=54 time=6.195 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=499 ttl=54 time=6.198 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=500 ttl=54 time=5.998 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=501 ttl=54 time=5.511 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=502 ttl=54 time=5.908 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=503 ttl=54 time=8.763 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=504 ttl=54 time=9.178 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=505 ttl=54 time=5.556 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=506 ttl=54 time=6.485 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=507 ttl=54 time=6.008 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=508 ttl=54 time=5.444 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=509 ttl=54 time=5.950 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=510 ttl=54 time=5.979 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=511 ttl=54 time=6.050 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=512 ttl=54 time=6.224 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=513 ttl=54 time=5.856 ms
64 bytes from 1.1.1.1: icmp_seq=514 ttl=54 time=5.857 ms

--- 1.1.1.1 ping statistics ---
515 packets transmitted, 515 packets received, 0.0% packet loss
round-trip min/avg/max/stddev = 5.305/6.677/44.803/3.278 ms
networksetup -listnetworkserviceorder
networksetup -listallnetworkservices
networksetup -listallhardwareports
networksetup -detectnewhardware
networksetup -getmacaddress <hardwareport or device name>
networksetup -getcomputername
networksetup -setcomputername <name>
networksetup -getinfo <networkservice>
networksetup -setmanual <networkservice> <ip> <subnet> <router>
networksetup -setdhcp <networkservice> [clientid]
networksetup -setbootp <networkservice>
networksetup -setmanualwithdhcprouter <networkservice> <ip> 
networksetup -getadditionalroutes <networkservice>
networksetup -setadditionalroutes <networkservice> [ <dest> <mask> <gateway> ]*
networksetup -setv4off <networkservice>
networksetup -setv6off <networkservice>
networksetup -setv6automatic <networkservice>
networksetup -setv6LinkLocal <networkservice>
networksetup -setv6manual <networkservice> <networkservice> <address> <prefixlength> <router>
networksetup -getv6additionalroutes <networkservice>
networksetup -setv6additionalroutes <networkservice> [ <dest> <prefixlength> <gateway> ]*
networksetup -getdnsservers <networkservice>
networksetup -setdnsservers <networkservice> <dns1> [dns2] [...] 
networksetup -getsearchdomains <networkservice>
networksetup -setsearchdomains <networkservice> <domain1> [domain2] [...] 
networksetup -create6to4service <newnetworkservicename> 
networksetup -set6to4automatic <networkservice> 
networksetup -set6to4manual <networkservice> <relayaddress> 
networksetup -getftpproxy <networkservice>
networksetup -setftpproxy <networkservice> <domain> <port number> <authenticated> <username> <password>
networksetup -setftpproxystate <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getwebproxy <networkservice>
networksetup -setwebproxy <networkservice> <domain> <port number> <authenticated> <username> <password>
networksetup -setwebproxystate <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getsecurewebproxy <networkservice>
networksetup -setsecurewebproxy <networkservice> <domain> <port number> <authenticated> <username> <password>
networksetup -setsecurewebproxystate <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getstreamingproxy <networkservice>
networksetup -setstreamingproxy <networkservice> <domain> <port number> <authenticated> <username> <password>
networksetup -setstreamingproxystate <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getgopherproxy <networkservice>
networksetup -setgopherproxy <networkservice> <domain> <port number> <authenticated> <username> <password>
networksetup -setgopherproxystate <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getsocksfirewallproxy <networkservice>
networksetup -setsocksfirewallproxy <networkservice> <domain> <port number> <authenticated> <username> <password>
networksetup -setsocksfirewallproxystate <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getproxybypassdomains <networkservice>
networksetup -setproxybypassdomains <networkservice> <domain1> [domain2] [...] 
networksetup -getproxyautodiscovery <networkservice>
networksetup -setproxyautodiscovery <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getpassiveftp <networkservice>
networksetup -setpassiveftp <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -getairportnetwork <device name>
networksetup -setairportnetwork <device name> <network> [password]
networksetup -getairportpower <device name>
networksetup -setairportpower <device name> <on off>
networksetup -listpreferredwirelessnetworks <device name>
networksetup -addpreferredwirelessnetworkatindex <device name> <network> <index> <security type> [password]
networksetup -removepreferredwirelessnetwork <device name> <network>
networksetup -removeallpreferredwirelessnetworks <device name>
networksetup -getnetworkserviceenabled <networkservice>
networksetup -setnetworkserviceenabled <networkservice> <on off>
networksetup -createnetworkservice <newnetworkservicename> <hardwareport>
networksetup -renamenetworkservice <networkservice> <newnetworkservicename>
networksetup -duplicatenetworkservice <networkservice> <newnetworkservicename>
networksetup -removenetworkservice <networkservice>
networksetup -ordernetworkservices <service1> <service2> <service3> <...>
networksetup -getMTU <hardwareport or device name>
networksetup -setMTU <hardwareport or device name> <value>
networksetup -listvalidMTUrange <hardwareport or device name>
networksetup -getmedia <hardwareport or device name>
networksetup -setmedia <hardwareport or device name> <subtype> [option1] [option2] [...]
networksetup -listvalidmedia <hardwareport or device name>
networksetup -createVLAN <VLAN name> <parent device name> <tag>
networksetup -deleteVLAN <VLAN name> <parent device name> <tag>
networksetup -listVLANs
networksetup -listdevicesthatsupportVLAN
networksetup -isBondSupported <hardwareport>
networksetup -createBond <bondname> <hardwareport1> <hardwareport2> <...>
networksetup -deleteBond <bonddevicename>
networksetup -addDeviceToBond <hardwareport> <bonddevicename>
networksetup -removeDeviceFromBond <hardwareport> <bonddevicename>
networksetup -listBonds
networksetup -showBondStatus <bonddevicename>
networksetup -listpppoeservices
networksetup -showpppoestatus <service name ie., MyPPPoEService>
networksetup -createpppoeservice <device name ie., en0> <service name> <account name> <password> [pppoe service name]
networksetup -deletepppoeservice <service name>
networksetup -setpppoeaccountname <service name> <account name>
networksetup -setpppoepassword <service name> <password>
networksetup -connectpppoeservice <service name>
networksetup -disconnectpppoeservice <service name>
networksetup -getcurrentlocation
networksetup -listlocations
networksetup -createlocation <location name> [populate]
networksetup -deletelocation <location name>
networksetup -switchtolocation <location name>
networksetup -listalluserprofiles
networksetup -listloginprofiles <service name>
networksetup -enablesystemprofile <service name> <on off>
networksetup -enableloginprofile <service name> <profile name> <on off>
networksetup -enableuserprofile <profile name> <on off>
networksetup -import8021xProfiles <service name> <file path>
networksetup -export8021xProfiles <service name> <file path> <yes no>
networksetup -export8021xUserProfiles <file path> <yes no>
networksetup -export8021xLoginProfiles <service name> <file path> <yes no>
networksetup -export8021xSystemProfile <service name> <file path> <yes no>
networksetup -settlsidentityonsystemprofile <service name> <file path> <passphrase>
>networksetup -settlsidentityonuserprofile <profile name> <file path> <passphrase>networksetup -deletesystemprofile <service name> 
networksetup -deleteloginprofile <service name> <profile name>
networksetup -deleteuserprofile <profile name>
networksetup -version
networksetup -help
networksetup -printcommands
** Error: The command is not recognized.
An asterisk (*) denotes that a network service is disabled.
Ethernet
USB 10/100/1000 LAN
Wi-Fi
Bluetooth PAN
Thunderbolt Bridge
